the disclaimer was necessary. without it people might think this is me speaking currently in 2026 about literal weapons i'm collecting, they might think i have guns, which if taken seriously could trigger a police raid,
it sounds stupid but those 10 lines or so explain the important context and explain the song is not a threat
it disarms the most alarming and dangerous reactions that might occur in response to this song, 
it disarms the reporting system, because even if they report it the first thing the reviewer will see is the disclaimer
some people might say they don't believe me and it's just lies to confuse investigators, no,
it doesn't matter if you believe the disclaimer or not, it's true, and it needs to be stated or confused people could become destructive or dangerous.

I'm not saying a disclaimer is an ironclad legal defense
but in this case certain things needed to be clarified.

I listed the 2 or 3 weapons i did have in my home,
just to explain that they are fairly mundane items
any other guy might have. One straight knife,
a leatherman, a 42 inch metal baseball bat.

None of these are for home defense,
that's illegal.

I just collect them because it's fun.
These are all legal to purchase items,
anyone might have these, any army guy
has a K-Bar.

There were no firearms,
I don't have any of those in Canada.
They've been largely grandfathered out, those pistols,
almost a decade ago, and even if they didn't,
I have been in a ward more than 1 month before,
several times actually, so i'm barred from having one, 
even a shotgun.

I don't have any guns,
none.

impossible.

i don't have any batons,
those are so fun but i have none,

in other words,
nothing really dangerous,
I'm just keeping normal sensible items.

yeah
you might say
why say that, why tell them what weapons you have?

it's to clear up the ambiguity,
no guns,
no expandable batons,

just a few sensible and legal items, a baseball bat, a knife, and a multitool.

if i wanted to scare people I'd want a machette.

oh the machette was dull,
I'll explain that.

I had a real machette back in 2024,
a lot of this song is based on how i was behaving in 2024,
but it was dull, it could not cut well, it was not sharp,
i remembered being disappointed in the quality of it.

when i say collect, i mean it,
in Canada you can have simple legal items and weapons you buy on amazon like a k bar knife, as long as it's not for self defense or attack. if you just collect knives, unless you're being scary to people (song doesn't qualify) they will leave you alone. weapon's aren't a seek out and arrest offense, they're not hunting down people with knives to jail them. a knife is a compounding factor if you commit a crime. if you assault someone and you have a weapon, you get a heavier sentence than if you had none. I don't carry weapons around outside so it doesn't matter, someone would have to break into my house to kill me before it mattered that i had a weapon, in which case i can use the knife anyway, in self defense, depending on the situation, if the intruders are armed, then i can legally use my weapon because my life is in danger, self defense. but if the attackers were not armed, then using the knife would be seen as overkill, and i might be up on heavy charges if i used it. so don't break into my house.

Canada is a more sensible situation, they weight all factors, they alter their behavior depending on the situation, rather than ironhanded rigid application of the law to the max degree at the first infraction, instead they hold back as much as possible in most situations, and only enforce on people when they really need to, often they bust and release people, rarely does someone just go away in this city, they're doing the same thing on the streets 3 days later, and that's actually good.

unless you've murdered someone an even hand is usually the best practise, you have to commit a long string of crimes before you're in danger of jail, if you're in your first offense in court, even if they have mandatory minimums, you probably won't get convicted on a first offense, unless it was something really serious. you need more like 2 or 3 serious convictions before you're going in jails, and the first one's free. you have to make a lot of mistakes, or maybe one really big one, to actually go to jail in Canada. your main danger is not being able to find a place that will rent to you, then you'd be homeless, and that's like living in a concentration camp, that merged with the city, my deadliest sorest fear.

anyway, we're creeping up on 5000 characters, and the suno character limit is in play, I'm gonna make this a song, just one maybe two, and then post to soundcloud in the come be popped room, 

chow

E F S M B
hahahahahahaahahah