don't waste time with people who will only destroy you
by EFSMB (Empowered Feminist Stole My Baby)

[NOTE: When I wrote this back in 2021, everyone acted like, horrible man! How could you say such things! As if taking me off the birth certificate doesn't indicate cheating, you do it when you're not sure. Basically, everything i said here turned out to be justified. My worst fears became a reality, she stole my son, never to be seen again. I now expect I will never see him, even when he's older, his head will be so full of shit that he will do that to me. I think she's not letting him see my music, because that would tell the other side, he'd have questions, she can't answer. I texted her before he was born with the name I had planned for him, Victor Chad Rose, he's something else, it's just a big fucking hate fest on me, and people will still call me the villain in this song

Just because I play one on TV

he does appear to be my son,
i said that in the heat of the moment.
I genuinely think she was cheating the whole time,
she would start a fight, steal all my work money,
and go missing all night long, sometimes for days.
She flirted with men all the time. Yeah probably cheating....

What a joke.]

[Intro]
[spoken]
Smart recorder, can you do it smart recorder? Can you do it smart? Yes, Joke called wife. You took my name off the birth certificate. This is not my child. This is not my problem. Fuck off, you two. Suppose you were so stupid that he was my biological son and you did it anyway, when Victor came over and asked, first of all, what is a dad? Then who is my father? What about my dad? Then please God let me meet my dad, you idiot. Tell him this, dad never wanted to see him. Tell him to ask mom why. Tell him to stay away from me, he is not my child. Get out of my life. You stupid parasite. When you recover enough brains one day to regret your fucking stupid and evil actions, don't cry to me, it's too late. It was all your fault. I waited a year. Burn in hell, mistress. You are no longer my wife under God. Leave, forever. I hate you, the ex you cheated on throughout our marriage and then had kids with someone else, Brendan. 

[VERSE]

Anyway, I'm enjoying the accent. I believe I'll be keeping that. But I believe that that's wrong to think, because I'm a new man every fuckin day of my life. And I am hating someone different every fuckin day of my wife. 

...

What wife? Lady, he ain't coming back. It's good I think, the point of cheatin' was to make me a fucking psychopath. Yeah, I think I see the lesson you was teaching. Be a decent man? I'm fucking cheatin'.

[Bridge]
Time for you to fucking go away,
Is his name Victor? No, fucking go away.
Is his name Victor? No! fucking go away.
You want child support? Is his name fucking Victor?

[CHORUS]
Now it's time for Victor to win,
Victor Chad Rose, is fuckin you...
Victor Chad Rose, is fuckin fuckin you again,
Everyone wants Chad, 
Everyone better want Chad. Yeah

[Verse 1]
But tell me what's his name? Is his name fuckin Victor? No, fuck the fuck off! Wah wah wah, I need support. How am I gonna care for him when I don't fucking work? Wah wah wah, I need support. How am I gonna care for him when *I* don't work? Honestly, the question is real fucking clear. Is his name Victor? No! Then go to hell, dear. Is his name Victor? No!! Then go to hell, dear. Is his name fucking Victor? No. THEN CHANGE IT!!!

[Bridge]
I am God! You are just a woman. 
I am God! You are just a woman.
I am God! You are just a woman. 
You are just a woman. 
You are just a woman.

I am God! You are just a woman. 
You are just a woman. 
You are just a woman. 
I am God, I am God, I am God, I AM God!
You are just a woman.
You are just a woman! 
And you not even a man! 
You just a boy, son! You just a boy, son! 
I am God! You are just a woman! 
But you are not a man! 
You are just a poor, boy, son!

[VERSE]
One more song for the gentlemen and the ladies in the room. Why don't we try this one? And far away from you, it's the party of voting you out. It's a party skulking in the dark so look out. So if you're stupid enough to think I'd sing your song, you're wrong fool, you're wrong. Walk away day, men going their own way, men going their own way. Casting call, have a happy day. Time for this man to go his own way to the casting call, to the casting call. Time for me to go my own fucking way and I'll be checking IDs every fucking Tuesday. Yeah, yeah, we'll be checking IDs every Tuesday. Time for men to go their own fucking way. Fuck 'em, fuck 'em, Fuck em in the ass. Fuck em, Fuck em. I'm tired of asking. I'm tired of asking so I'm gonna, take! I'm tired of asking so I'm gonna pay, less. I'm tired of asking so I'm gonna pay, less. I'm tired of asking so I'm gonna pay less. Time to find a fucking fool in a dress. And I'm tired of asking so I'm gonna pay, less. I'm gonna pay less. I'm gonna pay less for a fool in a goddamn motherfuckin dress. Looks like I'm gonna pay less for a fool in a motherfuckin dress. Tired of asking for your affection today. Tired of caring, there's a car again. Don't ask me to care. You never cared, you never loved, you never did motherfuckin shit. So why should I give you the glove? Take off your clothes and dance for me. I ain't talking to the lady. Sir, dance for me. Yeah sir, yeah sir, fuckin' dance for me. And get some CERB parasite. I want to laugh at thee. Yeah, you know what? We should cut off, CERB. I don't want to eternally support those who once worked. I don't want to eternally support those who once worked. You're a parasite, CERB. You're a parasite, CERB. You're a parasite, CERB. You're a parasite, CERB. CERB, you're a parasite. Now dance for me bitch! CERB, you're a parasite. Now fucking dance for me. CERB, you're a parasite. Now fucking dance for me. I don't want to pay for working for thee. Get off the fucking teat, parasite CERB. Get off of the teat, you parasite CERB. Get off of the teat, it's embarrassing CERB. It's embarrassing CERB. It's embarrassing CERB. You're a parasite CERB. You're a parasite CERB. It's embarrassing CERB. It's embarrassing CERB. You're a parasite CERB. You're a parasite CERB. Get a motherfucking job, Jialin. Fucking pathetic.