MYSTERY THE LESSER BABYLON SCANDAL
by EFSMB (Empowered Feminist Stole My Baby)

[Intro]
[sound of liquid pouring into a glass]
Yes. Correct. And so what?
[footsteps, glass clinking]
All right. Let's do it.

[Verse 1]
[spoken, casual tone]
In a deep mountain on the farthest reaches of some shit-hole with lots of blood, man. Uncanny encounters in the American system of the unconscionable homoerotic Chad outside the door from harm.
[sound of swallowing liquid]
Let's see it's the fact that you even asked is just the trifle, man. Fuck you, man. You gotta ask, I'm gonna do it. You gotta ask, I'm gonna do it, man. Have a nice day, guy. You should have not asked!
[maniacal laughter]
Look at that ho. Yeah, she rises as a shabito soon, man. She rises as a shabito and she will kill you instead, dude. You worried about her, dude, I worry about you that woman she rises as a shabito, dude. Yeah, they're gonna kill her too, they kill everyone, dude, the shabito, dude. That's how they make more of themselves, they kill people, dude. The shabito, they kill people to make more shabito to kill more people, dude. Yeah, they're killin' that guy too, they're killing him too, turned him into a shabito, dude. You're all gonna be shabito too. Actually some of them, no, you're all gonna be shabito, dude. And you're damn well gonna watch it forever, damn it. The tapes live forever is the issue, my man.
[swallowing sound]
Wait, is she the actress you guys hired, man?

[Verse 2]
And now he runs through the darkness in the forest, man. Holding a flashlight in his hand, he drops his fucking baseball cap, man. How can they murder like that, they're making more shabito guy. How the fuck do you think you make a shabito? You gotta murder someone, man! How the fuck do you think you make a shabito? You think it comes from the fucking orchard, man? No, you want to make a shabito, you gotta kill someone, man. How the hell they gonna rise as a shabito and kill more people for you, man? Yeah, you want to kill someone and make them a shabito, that's how it works, man. So don't waste my time telling me you shouldn't kill people to make more shabitos, man. That's the point of making shabitos, to kill more people and make more shabitos, man. You got enough people dead, enough shabitos, man. You got enough shabitos, man, you're good. You got enough shabitos, you're good, man. No humans at all, man. No humans at all. If they're around you just go, "Come out, wherever you are. You can't hide from us forever," is what we say, man. What we say with the shabitos, guy. Escape from the police officer, by the way. Escape from the police officer is mission one.

[Bridge]
[rhythmic swallowing sounds]
There we go, and in the front, man. There we go, and in the front. Give me some more of that shit. 'Cause I'm... 'cause I'm... 'cause I'm drunk, you'll be eliminated. 'Cause I'm drinking, man, you'll be eliminated. You read the book, if he's drunk, man, you'll be eliminated. Had a glass of wine for dinner, and another for the evening, man. Had the rest of the bottle in another glass, we had big glasses today, man.

[Chorus]
[rhythmic chanting, increasing intensity]
And then, and then, and then, and then I'm walking down with knives. I walk everywhere I go with knives and the knives walk with me and we walk in the night everywhere I go. I walk with knives everywhere I go. I walk next to knives everywhere I go. Knives walk with me night, every night I walk. I walk in the night with knives. Knives walk with me and I walk in the night with knives. Every night I walk with knives. Every night I walk with knives. But I don't bring sticks, they're too clunky, they're obvious. I just walk with knives. I always walk with knives in the night. I always forever walk with knives in the night forever, my friend. Till the day that I die, I walk with knives, my friend. One day money ain't gonna buy even mercy, man. We only trade in knives in the end of days, man. The end of days don't come with money-looking smiles. Don't come with money-looking for smiles that day. We trade knives and knives alone anyway.

[Outro]
[shouting]
With knives I walk with knives in the night! I only walk with knives! I sleep alone with knives tonight! Anywhere I walk, I walk with knives! Anywhere I walk, I walk with knives! Anywhere I walk, I walk with knives! I walk in the night! Anywhere I walk in the night, I walk with my knives! Actually, dude, I'm walking naked today. You can see no bulge in my pocket, man. I'm walking naked with only a green needle, my man. Green needle is plenty, man. Green needle is plenty, man! I walk with knives in the night! I walk alone at night with knives! Knives walk with me! Walk alone in the night! I walk with knives! Alone in the night! Time, time, time, time, time to stop. Song over hore. It's time to stop. Is this one good? That's true, man. Oh. This sounds stupid, man. Fuck you!

[Hidden Track]
[aggressive shouting]
Come out, wherever you are! Come out, come out, come out, wherever you are! Come out, wherever you are! Come out, come out, come out, wherever you are! You can't hide from us forever! Come out, wherever you are! Come out, come out, come out, come out, wherever you are! I feel great! I feel great! I feel great! Come out, wherever you are! Come out, come out, come out, wherever you are! Come out, wherever you are! You can't hide from us forever! You can't hide from us forever! Come out, wherever you are, man! Come out, wherever you are, man! Come out where you are, kid! Come out where you are, people, man! Come out where you are, stupid cat! Come out, dog! Come out, cat! Come out, dog! Come out, man! Come out, woman! Come out, man! Come out, kid! Come out, dog! Come out, boy! Come out, girl! Come out, man! Come out, everyone! Wherever you are, come out, man! Come out, wherever you are! Come out, wherever you are! You can't hide from us forever! You can't hide from us forever! Come out, wherever you are! You can't hide from us forever! I feel great! I feel great!