This is the New Era: LOKI'S KINGDOM ERA MARCH 2026 - ???

DEDICATED TO: User 892023534 ---> THE LEADERBOARD ---> MAY 08TH 2026 1:19 AM
My current biggest fan, according to these numbers,
by 14 songs (1251 plays), Roarke came in second, with 1237 plays,
Aleksandr Kist will not return my calls or ever watch another song apparently at 1037 plays
JUST UPDATING YOU ON THE LEADERBOARD, BECAUSE I FIND IT AMUSING, ok guy, you win.

LOKI'S KINGDOM
by E F S M B, Empowered Feminist Stole My Baby, MAY 07TH 2026, 9:50 PM

[INTRO]

Hello I'm Loki
Welcome to my Kingdom

[VERSE]

As humanity is soon to be completely extinguished 

You're unlikely to make it to Hell in that condition

Rather you're more likely to succumb within the maze

perhaps the mist will take you, in it's cloudy red haze

The Children of Heimdall, are falling one by one

So many their number, or they were before I won.

The pitiful remains of humanity in twine.

His cuts were elevating up towards the sun in kind.

They slithered quite rightly inside of everyone of them.

And took pieces of humanity, like the birds that ate from them.

You'll find me in the tower, at the centre of the maze.

The maze grows faster in an hour than a man can walk in days.

The descendants of Heimdall, are being cutdown once again,

Humanity is being rent now limb from limb.

Odin your God and protector lost to thine,

So many off the wagon did we throw in here tonight.

[CHORUS]

we are all
done with you

my elder master
the King is coming too

All the minotaurs and orcmen
and the demons that we do

you're not just fucked in this hellish place
you'll never see the places wherein my true hate abides
for humanity, for descending from Heimdall, you threaten me
For a taste of your wares, I'd poisoned be
Where oh where dids't thou threaten me???

How can Heimdall now ever hurt me?
For the last gasps of humanity are flitting wisping out
and he that abides will be found and cut out
Find me then if you have the strength to walk through Hell

You can see me from any tall spire,
I live in the tower, 
Where I conspire,
And pulling all the people in the surrounding areas in,
into the fog, and dead again.

[BRIDGE]

Hello I am Loki
Welcome to my Kingdom

[VERSE]

As humanity is soon to be completely fucking extinguished 

You're unlikely to make it to fucking Hell in that condition

Rather you're more likely to succumb within the fucking maze

perhaps the fucking mist will take you, in it's cloudy red fucking haze

The Children of Heimdall, are fucking falling one by one

So many their number, or fuck they were before I won.

The pitiful fucking remains of humanity in twine.

His cuts were elevating up towards the fucking sun in kind.

They slithered up quite rightly inside of every fucking one of them.

And took pieces of humanity, like the fucking birds that ate from them.

You'll find me in the tower fuck, at the centre of the fucking maze.

The maze grows faster in an hour than a fucking man can walk in days.

The descendants of Heimdall, are fucking cutdown once again,

Humanity is being rent now limb from fucking limb.

Odin your God and fucking protector lost to thine,

So many off the wagon did we throw in here fuckin' tonight.

[CHORUS]

we are all fucking
done with you

my elder fucking master
the King is coming too

All the fucking minotaurs and ghosts and orcmen
and the demons that we do

you're not just fucked in this hellish fucking place
you'll never see the fucking places wherein my true hate abides
for humanity, for fucking descending from Heimdall, you threaten me
For a taste of your fucking wares, I'd poisoned be
Where oh where dids't thou fucking threaten me???

How can Heimdall now ever fucking hurt me?
For the last gasps of humanity are flitting fucking wisping out
and he that abides will be fucking found and cut the fuck out
Find me then if you have the strength to walk through fucking Hell

You can see me from any fucking tall spire,
I live in the fucking tower, 
Where I fuckin' conspire,
And pulling all the fucking people in the surrounding areas in,
into the fucking fog, and fucking dead again.

All the sons of Odin I have certainly killed,
Now this wisp of humanity's left,
and then I'll be purple pilled.

[OUTRO]

Loki
the end of man

Loki
the Trickster Man

Loki
you won't see the end of me

Loki Loki Loki
Look who got ahead of thee