THE BOWLER HAT SHADOW
by BRENDAN S. ROSE

11:16 PM 2026-09-14 - MONDAY SEPTEMBER 14TH 2026 - THE DAY MY LEG BROKE FROM PATRICK'S MERCILESS AND BRUTAL WALK ORDERS - HE HAS ORDERED ME OUT AGAIN TOMORROW, THAT'S HOSPITALIZATION

Fourteen office workers, worshipping a dark shadow,
upon the wall, it lies upon the wall.
A black consuming shadow, with a bowler hat on,
I'm getting tired now, I'm tired of this son.
I'm walking out the door, they're following me,
I'm walking out the building, and they're waiting there for me.

That fetid shadow, 
Wearin the bowler hat,
No chance at all,
They can respond to that,
and it sits in the corner,
of the white house press room,
sitting up on the wall,
leading out into the garden
walking through the garden
in the house made of white,
That bowler hat wearing shadow,
tentacles reaching into the night,
how see then, oh well!!!!
How many people, are going to Hell,
And they still can't kill me down,
and the levels gonna go away,
You can't wipe the stink off
Your chest today, maam.

That shadow in a bowler hat,
Sitting upon the wall,
Inside the church,
They're ghouls one and all,
They're ghouls going, to talk to that shadow,
They're ghouls one and all, killing me so slow.
And it reaches it's tentacles out, and touches all the
Priests and patrons, and it's made it's tentacles 
reach, through the steeples to the seating rows,
and it's black tentacles, touch all the families on their head,
and too many guessed wrong so now one is struck dead

And we were corrupted,
In the halls of Valhalla,
Where heaven dwealt before,
That bowler hat shadow showed up there on the wall,
And the King Our God,
Just went insane, 
Looking at that shadow,
Staring back at him through the mirror.

And they were all swimming,
In a pool of blood, 
The size of a lake,
That shadow with the bowler hat, look down from the sky,
Upon what he'd wrought, on the man in the mirror,
who's goat he'd got,
and Sinners Swam, turning into demons,
They swam in the blood,
In the pool of blood, swimming,
the sinners swam, in the pool of blood,
And old man threw away his cane,
and jumped in the blood.

And we pan through the trees now,
In a forest setting,
All of the trees have Gifts Wrapped in Red Ribbons hung by rope,
All of the trees, are filled with these gifts, red ribbon tied, gifts, for the winter season,
Gifts hung by rope,
Gifts hanging from the trees,
So many gifts tied with rope,
So many of these,
So many of these,
So many of these,
So many of these,
So many of these,
So many of these

A man in a bowler hat, a shadow stretched across the mirror,
that you're looking in. Trying to argue with it,
And it just watches in silence,
and it reaches it's tentacles out twice,
It touches you on the head,
Thrice as nice.
And you have a bowl of soup, and Chinese noodles,
with pork inside, a beautiful bowl.
rose petals are everywhere, you step on them walking by,
How foolish you were to harm that shadow in my domain.

A dark gate,
Reaching up to the sky, 
To the sun and beyond, 
that dark gate reaches to the center of the galaxy
and you're just looking up at it endless,
How many wishes, did you spend on that monkey's paw?
