So I was drunk tonight, wandering around enjoying my new song, not tengoku, hold on.....
ok I added it, I was listening to SLIG'S WORKDAY, I think it was song 1, or unnumbered, the one
where it's me singing it..... I just made it tonight after Tengoku, it's one of my new favorites.......

As I was walking around, I saw some girls and a young man playing on the swings.....
It was about midnight, and teenagers tend to do things like that......

As I got closer, the girls started laughing,
Then guffahing, then laughing in hysterics AT my song,
Not with me, AT my song.......

So i can't let that stand,
and I start castrating their boyfriend,
First I say, "your boyfriend looks weak"

Which makes them quiet down a bit.....
I walk over past them, the fence is there separating us.....
The Boyfriend is sitting on the set of swings, not moving.......

I smile as I say "That's a good boyfriend, you can cheat on him,
and he won't do anything..... look, see?....... he doesn't do anything......

nothin....... he does nothing, just sits there paralysed......"

They have fully quieted down by now,
I think said some other really cruel insults attacking his manhood,
and then I wandered off, I had wiped the smile off their faces,
made them stop laughing, so I was satisfied......

The girls I think expected he was going to go punch me.....

I think they were kinda shocked that he didn't......

I think they'll leave him, ultimately, for someone who can stand up for himself,
and punch that guy. No girl likes a weakling who just sits there and absorbs
abuse like a sponge, quietly and sadly, holding the chains to the swings......

Oh they'll probably console him,
and leave him,
in that order........

Don't laugh at me,
Don't make fun of me,
I will castrate your boyfriend in front of you and throw his dick in your face......

I can annihilate people with words,
and all they have is violence,
they have no words to counter me with......

One time I yelled at a guy in front of his girlfriend at night
that he was a Pedophile. I just kept continually pushing that line of attack,
again and again and again, until eventually she just looked up at him in despair,
that was the end of his relationship......

He later came back to beat me up, clocked me a few times,
I thought about killing him with the knife in my pocket, but ultimately
decided against it, it seemed pointless, a waste of my kill.
That boy had balls, kinda, i mean his girl is toast,
nobody get's humiliated that bad in front of his girl
without losing her respect........

At least he punched me,
this guy, just let me walk up,
tell him his girlfriend is cheating on him,
pointed out that the pathetic worm can't even react,
he just sits there and absorbs the abuse, pathetic!
There was more, I insulted them more,
I forget what else I said,
stuff like that.

Don't laugh at me,
I'm not an object of ridicule, often you are playing with your life when you do that.