ok
we're gonna take it slow,
i said we're gonna take it slow not stupid
alright
let's go

well this song is for anyone
fuck it
just shut up and listen

hey yo

One, two, three, four. Looks like the rubes have woken up. All of them, everyone, every last one, every last one of them is woken up. Time for PT Barnum to be moving on before they start shouting shenanigans and beat him to a pulp. 


Before they notice all the dancers, he left buried in the ground. Looks like all the rubes have woken up. All of them, everyone, every last one. That is how Barnum will come out the winner. Snake oil is plummeting. 


No one wants to dunk, the clown. Nobody pay and see the freak in the cage. No more tomorrow and not yesterday. No more tomorrow and not yesterday. No more tomorrow and not yesterday. But there's just one problem before I go. 


One thing I first must resolve. I mix draino with the alcohol. To save money, I mix draino with the alcohol. To save money, I mix draino with the alcohol. To save money, I mix draino with the alcohol. 


To save money, I mix draino with the alcohol. To save money, I mix draino with the alcohol. To save money, I mix draino with the alcohol. But we're gonna have to do something about all the bodies. 


Bodies everywhere. Buried under the tent. Bodies everywhere. Buried under the tent. Every color and creed and age. All buried under the tent. Bodies everywhere. But there's one little matter still left to resolve. 


The mayor of the town has been sneaking around the lounge. Nobody ever sneaks around PT's lounge. So the mayor of the town's buried in the foundation. Fool thought he could take what was mine. But I'm smarter than that and I know how they died.


Another one buried under PT's Sun. Another one buried under PT Sun. Another one buried under PT's Sun. Another one buried under PT's Sun. Another one buried under PT's Sun. Another one buried under PT's Sun. 

 
Another one buried under PT's Sun. Another one buried under PT's Sun. Another one buried under PT's Sun. Another one buried under PT's Sun. Another one buried under PT's Sun. Another one buried under PT's Sun. 


Another one buried under PT Sun. Another one buried under Petey Sun. We're gonna have to do something about all the bodies. Bodies everywhere. Buried under the tent. Bodies everywhere. Buried under the tent. 


Every color and creed and age. All buried under the tent. All buried under the tent. Looks like the rube's have woken up. All of them, everyone, every last one, every last one of them has woken up. Time for PT Barnum to be moving on. 


Before they start shouting shenanigans and beat them to a pulp before they notice all the dancers, he's left buried in the ground. Looks like all the rubes have woken up. All of them, everyone, every last one. 


That is how Barnum will come out the winner. Snake oil plummeting. No one wants to dunk the clown. Nobody paying to see the freak in the cage. Nowhere tomorrow. And not yesterday. But we're gonna have to do something. 


About all of the bodies. Bodies everywhere. Buried under the tent. Bodies everywhere. Buried under the tent. Bodies everywhere. Buried under the tent. But we're gonna have to do something about the bodies, bodies, bodies everywhere, buried underneath the tent. 


Bodies everywhere, buried underneath the tent. Every color and creed and age in there, all buried under the tent. But there's one little matter left to resolve. The mayor of the town has been sneaking around the lounge. 


Nobody ever sneaks around PT's lounge. So the mayor of the town is buried in the foundation. Fool, thought he could take what is mine tonight. But I'm smarter than that and i know how they died. Another one buried under PT's sun. 


Another one buried under Petey's sun. Another one buried under Petey's sun. Another one buried under Petey's sun. Another one buried under Petey's sun. Another one buried under Petey's sun. 


that was barnum and baileys circus,
it's a war Loki song form 2022,
roughly,
i believe it's December or November of 2022
for the historical nerds and buffs

ugh

i pity you