ok, I have heard most of your discussions,
and for this I will give you some elucidy.

The Talon? That's both very simple and complex,
depending on how you look at it.

It was a Jesus reference, the story of the man and the talents,
Jesus's condemnation of the man with one talent who hid it in the ground,
And it was lost.

But the man who had 10 talents, gained 10 more.

I think it is better to have a master than not to.
I have built my own kingdom on www.lokiskingdom.com.
A 7000 song jukebox broken into 107 albums or so,
I am in control of what i say there, and as long as it's
within the law I can say whatever i want, no TOS to bother me.

But Soundcloud brings me endless friends and fans,
Everyday, new friends and fans bringing in comments and likes and shares,
2 million people so far. But if you want to work for the master you have to follow the master's rules.

Anyway we're getting off topic,
Arguably both perspectives are true, A serf with his own kingdom, beats a serf too loyal to build one.

Anyway,
a bit more Elucidy.
Now that's a very simple story of how the Talons got their name,
I misspelled a bible verse, which i guess means the talons are my own creation entirely, thanks Jesus.
But now for the hard question? What is a talon?
What purpose does it serve in this world?
That is much more complex because the world is built out of archetypes,
It's a story that came to me, in dreams or conversations with you,
the idea is that in the afterlife, your only goal, is to work every day, for a maybe near eternal timeframe,
Just for another chance at life. That you would do anything, anything at all, just to buy another life,
the idea that you need to bartyr for your life, and work for it, for near infinite stans of time,
That it is the culmination of a cosmic timeframe, governed by cosmic significance,
all leading up to this life of yours that you don't value, that you just waste, with no sacrifice, and nothing important happens, and then you're just gone.......

Now, what happens next?
One of two things I wager:

A) Nothing, their soul ceases to exist
B) You are reborn into that same world, and you have to work to win it back,
for what seems like only a moment, then you recoil back from it in horror,
the thing you wanted had no value.
Then you, poisoned by the taint, simply go insane, forget everything that happened to you,
and go back to your work, mining talons (The Videogames were Pathologic and Shin Megami Tensei III Nocturne by the way) so you can win back another life.
Trapped in this samsara like cycle of working for aeons to gain your life,
only to waste it and throw it away, and devalue it, and then after recoiling in horror
the second you take it out of your mouth, you fall ill, you forget, you go back into a hynotized trance,
and you try to earn more talons to get back to your life you're trapped in seeking.

This very much reminds me of reality,
So much I think it is mirroring a universal truth.

People work their entire lives, building up money, saving their talons,
and only if they fill a swimming pool with these, within a set time frame,
if they are very lucky, to they get to the next life, get born again.