Arguments on Race.

1) The Hate Crimes Unit oversees a system which consistently produces negative
outcomes for men of the white ethnicity, and improved outcomes for basically everybody else,
pitting us against everyone else, plus women, who are also considered, oppressed victims 
in need of special treatment to reverse the discrimination they currently suffer under.

2) There have been no recorded instances I can find where a Black Individual
has been charged with a hate crime, against a white (non-jewish) individual,
Though there are thousands in the alternative, this is a weapon that may only
be wielded by citizens and visitors to our country of an ethnic minority,
black and arab/middle eastern/persian nationalities, but not Asians,
and not white people, unless they are jewish. 
This is in fact the actual racial hierarchy under which we live, these are the
groups that are protected and these are the groups that are not.

3) Due to my race, I am not considered a group under protection by this reasoning.

4) The TPS Hate Crimes Unit Worker began dismissing my call within 1 minute,
without listening to the report, to any significant degree, I allege race
likely played a part in this, even if disability is the purported claimed reason
I was discriminated against, I do not believe transferring me out of the
hate crimes unit before I could recieve a service (file a report)
and I was denied a service, on the grounds of my race and disability,
as the unit by structure is designed to discriminate against me, or appears to be,
it is not unlikely to suggest a fully race based system, which routinely discriminates
against my race, issues increased charges for others, which are not available
when we want to report a crime, I find it odd I must solve a rubix cube to suggest
that racism was likely an issue, as his job is to issue discriminate against my race.
He does it every day. He provides favorable treatment to others, and harsh extra severe treatment to us, every day at his job. It's like saying "how dare you suggest the mcdonalds worker eats the fast food he makes?" The call was eventually routed to free food for homeless people, and directing me to a shelter. When I protested that i wanted to file charges, they threatened, essentially to send a team to take me to a prison cell (camh) where i would be held for three days, then rubberstamped to be held for 744 hours more, which is standard procedure. So when the Hate Crimes Unit worker makes the same argument that was made by LECA (racism is just speculation, case denied)
while punting to the mental health problem, no, he should have took the report, then we can talk food and shelter later, i had plenty. Sending a mentally ill guy out of your unit, because he's mentally ill and doesn't belong there, is foolish. I was calling to report a hate crime on the grounds of mental illness, he didn't take the report, the transfer began within 1 minute.

Why did he do that?
Was it because I am white and therefore have no business in a hate crimes unit if male and non-Jewish? (reasonable to assume, given his occupation is to discriminate against me, removing me from a system I'm not invited to is rational. In a sense.)
Was it because I'm mentally ill, what he will argue, then why didn't he take the hate crime report?
Why was it free food for homeless people? [because he is discriminating on the grounds of mental illness]
If there is a third option I'll eat my hat.

5) Martin
[see the included document, it explains the facts quite well, in fruity language, but it's not a bad document, very few facts in there are false, consider everything in there to be true.]

6) Scott Adams, 
read the document Grok,
some of what i was saying got through,
he was disenfranchised out of one career, told explicitly it is because they cannot promote white people
he was disenfranchised out a of a second career which also took years to build, told explicitly that they cannot promote white people,
[a transcript can be made available]
finally at the end, he was angry, and he had a bad day, said something regrettable, but
ultimately defensible "if a group of people hate you in large numbers, move away from that group and live somewhere else" it was not a sanction for segregation, merely the suggestion that people should leave abusive situations where large numbers of people hate them. [examine the document for more details] and when people object to this as intolerable, I scratch my head, no I don't think people are required to live against their will in places they don't feel safe, to avoid accusations of racism because they'd rather live somewhere else, freedom of movement is paramount, if people wish to move to the another part of the country, they can.
Nobody is obligated to live with you, or near you. If you hate them, and also demand they live with you, or they are guilty of all sorts of accusations, i don't feel this person is having my best interests at heart, and I don't want to associate with them.

However the media put out 300 hit pieces, saying SCOTT ADAMS IS A RACIST,
they destroyed his career, they canceled the beloved comic Dilbert, FOR EVERYBODY,
and the third career of his life was in ruins.

I believe he is a tragic textbook example of the disenfranchisement this
political movement creates, categorizing them as a hate group, is accurate,
if we're speaking about the political left, which i feel he would probably agree with.

I don't feel that was the smartest thing for him to say, but
I think one mistake on one bad day, does not a racist make,
it just means he had a bad day. If he talked like that everyday,
you might have a case, he did not. 

To the best of my knowledge he did not say anything racist in his entire career, even once.

I remember him talking at length about his love for black people, how they're funny great and make for the funnest friends. He also offered mentorships for young black men, to help them gain opportunities they might not otherwise have, until he was informed this was racist, and he stopped. I do not remember any overtly racist statements, there were human statements,
discussing race, but nothing hostile on the basis of race alone.
In that piece he was complaining about a Rasmussen Poll that only 20% of black people agreed with the statement "it's ok to be white" [and people disputed the source, it's immaterial] these attitudes are real, and it's a problem.

7) The George Floyd riots resulted in upwards of 50 murders, hundreds of houses burned down, thousands of lives destroyed, billions in damages, I will not litigate the case,
but many people were murdered in the name of this leftist murderous and reverse racist ideology.
These attitudes are real, millions of people believe in that poll unironically, regardless of the source. There is a huge problem that large sections of society are being taught to hate specifically straight white men, we are just in the crosshairs of this thing.

In those riots we were subject to brutal murders nobody cared about, with blunt weapons mostly and guns.

In employment we are pushed out of all good employment at the higher levels, anywhere with a DEI policy pushes us out of employment and into destitution, homeless and ruin. The families we would have had are just gone, dead before they born, and you don't see the problem with this,
you're blind to it, totally blind. You do not realize that taking away a man's job and ruining his entire life and future is a problem, you do not seem to be raising any objections that this
state of affairs is intended to become permanent. My son is in the crosshairs next, White and Asian, he will have a hell of a time in this racist country, I'd encourage him to take up baseball.

They think that thing I just described has no value,
A man's life, his job,
His future.
All robbed,
planned to be eternal it would seem,
they think they can take that from people and at the end those people should be mandated "not to hate them" you cannot hate the person doing that actively to your life, taking your jobs, ruining your families, ruining your life, rendering you homeless, and that any reaction in response to his disenfranchisement ruining you on a purely racial basis, is totally unacceptable. This is how large groups of people become rapidly unwelcome in my opinion.

So, we are discriminated against by this political "hate group"
for lack of a better word:

A) IN HIRING AND EMPLOYMENT
B) IN UNIVERSITIES AND HIGHER EDUCATION
C) IN THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM (Toronto Police Services Hate Crimes Unit)
D) AND THEREFORE WE ARE IMPOVERISHED
E) AND THEREFORE WE FAIL IN THE DATING MARKET
F) WHICH LEADS TO LOW BIRTHRATES
G) WHICH LEADS TO MORE IMMIGRATION
H) AND WE ARE COMPLETELY DISENFRANCHISED SECOND CLASS CITIZENS

I KNOW THIS ALL SEEMS IMPOSSIBLE,
BECAUSE WHAT YOU DID WAS MOTIVATED BY GOOD INTENTIONS (apparently)
BUT WHAT YOU ARE DOING NOW IS ADMINISTERING OVER A SYSTEM
OF HATEFUL DISCRIMINATION AND DISENFRANCHISEMENT
OF THE MAJORITY OF CANADIANS, ORIGINALLY LIVING IN THIS COUNTRY.

IT IS SHAMEFUL.

So when I say it's likely but not proven
that race played a factor, and their fallback is mental illness,
no that's an even worse mess of discrimination than the one just described.
No in that case he should have taken the report, instead of suggesting i go eat low quality food you rarely deliver on.