BIKE SOME MORE
by EFSMB

[Intro]
[distorted synth bass, driving electronic drums]

[Verse 1]
[rhythmic male rap, heavy vocal distortion]
There's a man in the underworld, a white rap me
Singing this rap into the phone, a West Coast rap be
Demons and fire everywhere, like plumes of smoke going up into the air
And barrels of gasoline, rusted, floating into the sky
Off the air, dozens and dozens of them, I'm spinning on the nose of a plane
Just in front of the cockpit, pouring my drink of juice onto the window

[Chorus]
[shouted vocals, distorted electric guitar enters]
It is as if I'm presumed to be weak and in need forever
Despite all evidence to the contrary
[growled vocals] Fire everywhere, throwing women into the sky
Like plumes of smoke, it's better, it's better, it's better
They're walking in, they're walking in, they're walking in, ready to party

[Bridge]
[heavy industrial percussion, screeching synth leads]
They're walking in, walking in, ready to party
They're walking in, ready to rock, ready to rock, ready to rock, ready to party
They're walking in, ready to rock, they got too many pretty people all over the body
They got too many pretty people all over they body
They got too many pretty people all over they body
They got too many pretty people all over they body

[Outro]
[vocal intensity increases, heavy saturation]
We must remove the stink of that stay, we need that bikini
We take that thing, we rip it off the wall and put it on mine
We rip it off your wall and put it on mine
We rip it off the wall and put the bikini on mine
Rip the bikini off your wall, rip it off, put it on mine
Put it on mine, put it on mine, put it on mine
[drums and guitar fade to distorted synth pulse]

Inferno demons everywhere.
See your rip and stop that f****** red dress. We're going to grind just you now. We're going to rip off the red dress tonight. We're going to rip off the red dress tonight. We're going to rip off the red dress tonight. Going to stop it in his track. Stop it right there. We're going to rip off the red dress tonight. We're going to rip off the red dress tonight. We're going to stop it in this tracks. Going to stop it tonight. We're going to rip off the red dress tonight. You won't get it redressed at all tonight. We're going to rip off the red dress tonight. You won't get anything redressed at all. You won't get anything red dressed at all. You won't get anything red dressed. No grievances. Not one. Not one. We're ripping off the red dress. We're ripping off the red dress.
You won't get any grievances reddressed. You won't get any of your grievances reddressed. We're going to rip off the red dress some more. Grief me. Grief me. Come on. Help the suit. Grief me. Come on. Help the suit. Grief me more. Grief me more. Come on. Help the suit. Grief me more. Come on. Take the suit in. Look at it now. Grief me. Grief me. Grief me. Grief me. Grief me. Grief me. Come on everybody. You won't do it anymore. Oh well. Too bad you're just listening to Today we'll go to heaven and we'll tear down the music.
We'll go to heaven and we'll tear down the music. We're going to sit developing more tech today. Going to sit developing more tech today. And the music stop at 5:54.

The music cuts out after that,
the song was stupid.....
This unsettled them...... 
Ultimately they weren't sure what to make of it, but it wasn't good!

12:00 PM
2026 08 18, TUESDAY AUGUST 18th 2026 "the day of two's"