After the events in:
Public Complaint: Toronto Police Service
LECA Complaint Number: E-202606021832132403
HRTO FILE: Fracisc - HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I

Concluding the events ruled on by LECA initially,
Where the officer did not allow me to file a hate crimes
report, regarding the numerous assaults and threats against me,
in one instance a young man brandishing a large wooden staff
near me, which I considered to be a threat to me,
There was also an instance of a man attempting to spit on me,
(same neighborhood), & an old man was spitting very close to me, in rage, because he disliked my music, many people did, as my music and my mentally ill presentation are inseparable, I considered attacks on me based on my music to be hate crimes against me with MENTAL ILLNESS as the protected grounds. Also I seemed to have been spit on, 3 times in 2 weeks, though I didn't see who spit on me, it was in the same neighborhood where the hysteria was brewing. I also had a picture of one of the assailants(didn't let me report it), a Southeast Asian man who works at Pizza Hut who also tried to spit on me, everyone was. When i tried to explain even a little bit to the officer, that the protected grounds was MENTAL ILLNESS, he immediately began transferring me [to the officer below] within about 35 seconds of picking up the phone, without taking the report, at all. My illness was used as the reason to deny service.

[LECA eventually ruled that race as a factor cannot be proven, it 
is an assertion.]




Is there anything else you would like us to know?:


Upon transferring me, I was offered free food and lodging, then incarceration in CAMH, in that order when i persisted in asking to file the report.

[less than one week after the call to HCU was ignored another man drove right up on his bike and spat all over me, because this was not addressed, an officer came on June 8th, no report was filed.]

If this is permissible conduct for officers, you should change your policies.




Brendan Rose
He didn't even listen to my report. Complete. 
Throw it in the garbage can. I thought mentally ill people had protection under the law. Still, are we excluded now, too? 
I'd actually appreciate an answer on that.

Officer
Definitely not excluded from the law. Okay. So, what's your name? You're Oh, sorry.
You're Brandon, right?

Brendan Rose
Uh, I I I meant not the law. I meant uh the hate crime unit. Are we excluded from the hate crime unit if we're mentally ill? Is that-

Officer
Absolutely not. Okay. Brandon, when is your birthday?

Brendan Rose
Why didn't he take the call seriously? Why did he just throw

Officer
[she won't answer] 
What's your birthday, Brandon?

Brendan Rose
April 29, 1985. [I ask for his badge number & mention HRTO]

Officer:
I don't know who you spoke to. (Fracisc - HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I)

Officer
No, Brandon, that's not what's going to happen. Absolutely not. They're going to 
speak to you.

[it's put in compassionate language]

[She offers free food for homeless people, homeless shelters, when i keep asking to file a hate crimes report, she dispatches officers to detain me, & send me to CAMH, for (usually) 1 month imprisonment.]

Brendan Rose
When you say services, do you mean access to the hate crime unit for filing a 
report of a hate motivated crime? Uh spitting on someone is assault. It is a hate motivated assault.

[she begins transferring me]

[I tell her I have lots of food & lodging, I am not in crisis,
officers are dispatched]