
EFSMB (EMPOWERED FEMINIST STOLE MY BABY)
@TheDevil666_BSR
LEGAL ADVICE 101, on the topic, "don't say anything about that."

It's standard lawyer advice, and ok when wielded correctly, which rarely occurs. Rather if you wish to negotiate a mutually beneficial situation, where both parties walk away happy, this just creates unnecessary conflict. It presumes a position of aggressive conflict is the only position, which can often be completely unnecessary and avoidable. It presumes that aggressive conflict is the only possible option, when reaching a common understanding, where no one is truely at fault, is often preferable....

"don't say anything, stay quiet"

it's unneccessarily aggressive posturing.....

to call it bad advice is to misunderstand it's correct use, it is not a catch all for every legal question, often discussion rather than aggressive posturing is better.

But they are all bound by the spell the necromancer taught them "be silent thrall - let your lawyer speak instead"

For instance if the lawyer takes this under consideration, he can't even MAKE his arguments, he's being silent, so it's dumb advice for a lawyer, unless you're winning, then be silent frig.

Let them stew in it
That is the correct usage

You robbed the bank
Be silent
That is the correct usage

Someone has raised or discussed legal action
Be silent-no

That is unnecessarily aggressive posturing
If it can be resolved without a legal battle or even the use of lawyers, you've saved money and solved the problem.
it presumes your guilt, that you have something to hide, or that you  hate and fear your opponent
similarly unhelpful.

When you are in an intractable fight, of a guilty criminal trying to avoid charges, or losing or winning- sure be silent can be smart if done well by the client, not the lawyer of course.

But when there is plenty of reason to believe you can resolve it, and your lawyer is saying BE SILENT, and you gotta pay them money for the fight they're getting you in, they have an incentive to fight, within reason.
If you can solve that without your lawyer, you've saved a bundle of money and won the case.

A young man once told me many things like that, he did his best to resolve the case, i walked away from that thinking the following, I have no grievance against that man, he is a good man, and i am sorry that legal action remains necessary, because the problems raised cannot be fully addressed by him alone, but moving forward, i will stipulate and hold to this, i have no anger towards him, i wish him well,
he is a good kind and noble man, and i will do my best to find an outcome that is favorable to us both, while addressing the facts of the case in spite of it.
11:07 AM · Aug 20, 2026
·
10
 Views