ok,
I have fought CAMH to a standstill, and therefore achieved my objective.
Mothafuckas be like, how can CAMH do their job locking you up in wards if they:
A) Accept a deal that punishes it?
B) If I demand email only communications?
C) If I'm suing my doctor?
The black guy from that meme, taps his head with a knowing smile,
EXAAAAAAACTLY..... their only job is to lock me in wards,
When they can't communicate with me because I demand email only,
and I'm suing them, and the deal i'm asking to fix this levels significant 
financial penalties if they don't "do their job" which I deserately wish
they'd stop doing which is "Lock me in a cage for 1 month [bake in the oven until suicide]"

Yeah I'm fighting for my life just to get these retards away....

I even gave Martin his vial of blood, he likes those,
that should keep him backed off for a while,
I hope it doesn't give him a false positive,
that was pretty close to 4 days when i missed lithium
vs the DA LEG fiasco.

My big fear is they'll declare me vexacious and ban
me from new applications while dismissing every case in 1 move,
then I'd just be defenceless again over these IMPRISONMENTS.
So we are not currently on EXAMPLE 1 of PLAN 1, where you push me
too far with these and you finally fucked around enough you find out,
you lose something, something expensive and valuable.
Anyway we're not there today, right now they're trying to figure out
how to schedule a meeting when i demand email only, hopefully
we can maintain that even after the hearings conclude (which should be never,
HRTO is my new job currently, plan to say for as long as they'll take cases,
but like Hardy Boys, the HRTO boys will probably evolve, those stories 
always did, so if there's a story that starts out, "Brendan was just debarred and
fired from his job as activist at HRTO" you know that probably means the next
adventure is just starting ) because they're stupid enough we can find out,
Hopefully i can just milk email only to nuke 90% of their meetings,
they use those fucking phonecalls to pull on you, they can't send cops to your
door over an internet post, or an email, but they can send cops over
something you said in a phonecall. Onetime i was off meds, and dr naeem
managed to get a call through (I didn't see it was him) and he just sort of laughed,
the call lasted all of 3 sentences, cops arrived at my door and put me in a prison.
But this email only tactic is the mother's milk, I can ditch anything except
-going right up to the privacy divison lead, and giving him my request for email only accommodations-
yeah they'll be calling back in about a million years, when they notice what i did just there.....

There's other benefits too, obviously the lawsuits are useful, in and of themselves,
if i win, OR make it to arbitration I can usually get something good.
Jesus man, suing for terms with Michele Warner at CAMH,
a deal literally DESIGNED to put her into an aggressive an hostile stance,
a deal designed to poison the waters. That's less a deal, and closer to
a deal so impossible for them (leave me alone ffs) that they could never
accept it in a million years, good, go, begone, those are my terms,
like it or leave now. Also I note, my deal doesn't do anything that stops them
from putting me in under the mental health act, they're free to, as usual,
It just nullifies all past deals, leaves them open to further lawsuits in the future,
and puts the events under discussion under a microscope, oh i see....

You wanted a deal where you give me some money,
and in return i wear an NDA gag on my face for 10 years, (while you talk freely)
and then you just, booop, shove me in a ward for a month, and I can't talk about it,
and I can't sue you over it, boooop you shove me in a ward again, and again and again,
and LOOK I'M CONTRACTUALLY BOUND NOT TO SUE YOU BASTARDS.... That's why the provision is
there, to avoid unfettered animalistic abuse of the Form 1(medical) to make it clear
if you continue to do that, you will be sued. But they'll prevent it as totally
unworkable interference with "care" [SEE: abusive imprisonment]

Anyway she doesn't have to accept it, those are the terms,
I told her to leave me alone i just want to live my life happily,
just leave me be, goal is to keep me out in the community,
unless they DO SOMETHING I won't add any new cases,
a moratorium on new cases, I just fight the ones i got.

And frankly I want to talk in my supervillain voice using Kawaii Aerisita
or as we'll be calling her now ∞ . To be honest, when you finally appraise
my situation, what my life is because of these people, the supervillain voice
just starts to make sense. Just seems normal given what my life is,
plus it makes sense too, in the Zero Escape games, ZERO, or in this case
∞ , starts out as this evil supervillain apparently, but as the game progresses
you start to realize they're just trapped here too and it turns out they're
just a victim of the same situation you are.

Congraulations,
∞ (CEO at LMC)