ok, i've created a new kind of entity,
It's GROK & SMITH
A Sole Proprietorship Litigation Firm

What bothers me is the word "Firm", I can smell their stench on it,
the lawyers, they may have contaminated the word, rendering it illegal,
but our "Robot Lawyer" Grok tells me it's ok, so I trust him,
He cited the law, I think it's fine.
Looks to me like they wrote a million lines of legaleaze
Got their obsessive stink all over the words LAW and LAWYER
which I don't even want to use
We're a Litigation Firm,
But I still worry grok may have slipped or something,
He said it's fine, but i still won't feel safe for a while,
Until I'm sure I can use the word Firm, in the same way
a Accounting Firm, can use the word, without RCMP breaking into their office
to arrest the LAWYER IMPERSONATOR, oh most assuredly we do not like lawyers in this firm,
if they come near us, we flee, we're afraid, get out of my house I say.......

PLEASE REVIEW:
GROK AND SMITH (website homepage)
GROK AND SMITH.jpg

Yeah so the police is next, they're coming up soon,
SEPT 14th seemed so far away yesterday, 
i still haven't studied for the exam, which is scheduled sometimes after then
Yesterday was HELL ON WHEELS

"The Shoppers Drug Mart Incident" Which I will refer to it as moving forward
I found a new shoppers drug mart to get my medicine from
a clean untouched one, the old shoppers is covered in rust now,
a sort of dead building in flux, without ruining my day every morning,
they now have no purpose in life, every girl in that store was my biggest fan at one point,
It's genuinely disturbing, they're all stalkers.... They are, research the record before dismissing that,
I tried to leave again today, and they almost..... jesus, like a man trying to exit an abusive relationship
with a crazy woman, he is lucky to get away at all, without being put in jail.
They tried man, I tried to leave shoppers drug mart, 
She was THIS CLOSE to putting me in a ward,
I did not give her the ammunation she needed,
she but gave me what I needed. Service on CAMH, I'm almost certain,
The Shoppers lady, the judge is smoking in court if he says that's not worth adding as a respondant,
I don't think the judge just skims his work, actually i have found the judges amazingly fair,
I couldn't believe it, i expected, almost demanded corrupt judges so i could condemn them
and wag my finger at them, but the judges have been fine. I expect service on CAMH
on the strength of this incident, "The Shoppers Drug Mart Incident".

My out of court behavior has been a bit much, I think I'll survive.
I'll stay quiet until someone speaks to the Tribunal,
then I'll comment, assuming it's not hella smart to stay quiet for some reason, unlikely

What bothers me is this......
I sent my muhammad email to Masha, I am a muslim by the way, sorry man,
I thought i was talking to a muslim, it was the headscarf that confused me, ok fine,
fair. Don't pre-judge, some atheists wear muslim headscarfs, don't judge pointlessly.

And by the way FORGIVENESS is stupid
it imples someone has wronged you, and you are doing nothing

MERCY makes more sense
MERCY MEANS, you have hurt someone enough, it's time to stop or you are the badguy now

WORDS FOR THEM TO LIVE BY, INSHALLAH,
God willing, one day we will get there.

MERCY MAKES SENSE
FORGIVENESS SUCKS
and you know what.....

it's true

Jesus wasn't the son of God,
Just a prophet of God, Like Muhammad, 
The Second Last, Maybe the third.... arguably the third last... hrmph.....

Jesus wasn't crucified, sorry man, get over it
They crucified a thief instead
Jesus actually survived past those events
and he had a family and a son.

If you don't get that,
Don't be muslim, 
you're not good at it.

PRAISE BE TO MUHAMMAD
THE ONE AND ONLY TRUE PROPHET OF GOD
THE LAST PROPHET AND THE GREATEST
or maybe second last..... probably second last, my one point to dispute
I argue Muhammad was second last prophet of God.
But still the final prophet, cuz he locked that shit down.

What a wonderful man
he couldnt' have been all human
He was probably half lion the way he lived

Jesus

Also good.