Stephen,

As you are here, I may as well make a short filing,
So that you can start getting up to speed about the facts of the case
and what I'm actually alleging.

I'm sure you're at least cursorily familiar with my work,
The rule was intended to prevent Low Quality Spam from
flooding the network, and forgive the joke, drowning out Eminem 
is low quality garbage. Here's the issue sir,
My work is not low quality spam, for that reason I feel it should be accepted
for monetization, as it is not the intended target of your policy.

Furthermore, as I have alleged here, the rule constitutes a violation
of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms, particularly the
rules governing disability accommodations, which is what this case is about in large part. I suggest that the use of AI in the form of Suno, is a disability accommodation I require in order to make my songs. I cannot meaningfully participate in the music industry without this accommodation, so therefore to apply blanket demonetization with no account made for cases like mine where disability is a factor, makes this a human rights issue properly solved at the HRTO.

Additionally, removing the sole source of income for a disabled person on ODSP,
which already reduces my income to essentially nothing (I am trying to earn a bit of money from Advertising on my site which will, when reported to CAMH, give me a meager 100 dollars extra a month in disability payments) To a neurotypical person, losing that side hustle is probably just no big deal, an inconvenience. For me the $12,000 [approximately] that a non-AI artist would have earned for bringing 2,171,466 plays in the last 12 months (+100%) to your company and thus earning you advertiser revenue, which was earned by me, put into a pot, and given to neurotypical artists, that is life changing money for a patient on a disability fund, it disproportionately affects me when it is taken away for that reason. I admit I signed your TOS without even reading it [except the content guidelines], however when those guidelines violate fundamental principles of Canadian Law, specifically the human rights code, then it is a matter that must be determined by HRTO.

I am not particularly here for a payout, unless that included the ability to earn an income as a musician, I feel I have contributed a lot and deserve to be compensated accordingly. My honest advice if you are open to listening, is that your company should resolve this in a way that takes into account disability accommodations, maybe other factors, I see no reason why a serious artist who uses Suno as their Guitar should be denied an income arbitrarily. I don't ascribe malice to this, it has to do with regulatory frameworks that are above your ability to control directly, which complicates things immensely, but nevertheless, when you violate a fundamental principle of the Human Rights Code, then I am entitled to take action at HRTO. In order to prevent further suits like this from the next artist so similarly imposed, I think it is in Soundcloud's best interest to settle the issue sensibly, so serious works of art are not impacted, and disability accommodations are not haphazardly trampled while responding to regulatory pressure, while still dealing with the potential issue of low quality spam, which, while a real concern, is not what we're dealing with today.

Thank you,
