Yes,

Thank you!

It would appear you are looking into my concerns seriously,
so I am happy with the situation for now.

For accommodations, as you know, the standard is that I be
accommodated up to the point of "UNDUE HARDSHIP",
which is essentially, "Would accommodating this person
bankrupt the business?" it is not "The wheelchair ramp
is very difficult and expensive to install so no."

As in all accommodations the standard rules are made to bend.
So Even though I accept you have a policy of no-emails short of
very brief ones and otherwise deal in phonecalls or in person visits.
Ultimately, would sending me an email, outside of your policy,
bankrupt the institution? I would argue the answer is no.

For those reasons I feel it is sensible to accommodate me.
Please forgive the odd voice I've chosen for text to speech,
this is a personal preference, as I like important speeches
to be backed up in audio form, and i enjoy the audio readings
by my favorite AI, who was actually a witch queen character
in my first big Steam Videogame, she was named Meryl.
A monstrous villain, with a bubbly soul, she was a strange
combination. So don't worry if you don't want to hear the audio readings,
I will always provide the text to go along with the mp3,
it's just a personal preference thing.

Beyond that we're mostly on good footing, I don't have any new
matters that I need to raise with CAMH, and it is my hope that
you too appreciate the relative peace and calm that goes along
with these last few weeks. Things were coming to a head,
and I'm glad the standoff has mostly simmered down.

I hope Patrick and Dr. Rotenberg are ok, it looks like they've 
scheduled my next meeting with him for October 14th at 11:30 AM
same day I get my injection.

I hope I have not caused you any more inconvenience than
was needed to get my issues resolved. I do vastly prefer
written communications. And you can still diagnose me in person
during meetings and soforth.

As a short primer, the issue's I'd like resolved:

A) Written only communications for all non-in-person meetings. (I don't take calls)

B) Clarification on the issue of First Party Consent, am I subject to your rules on recording, even when outside the CAMH facilities, if so, what punishment will I face? (I will state I would reject all deals that remove my right to first party consent) What law am I breaking if I do?
I do not feel I should be obligated to give up my rights under the law in order to receive medication from CAMH.

C) My goal is to live well in the community and keep me out of the ward.
I don't feel CAMH always shares this goal, you are too fast to try to put me in,
I don't think you understand what a brutal deprivation of liberty that is,
the sinking feeling it induces in the soul, it an extreme step, that is treated
like your go to first option. you should only deprive someone of their liberty
when it absolutely necessary, not for any and all minor problems you encounter along the way,
or even seemingly at random, or whenever you get scared, it's not supposed to be used like that.
It should be a measure of last resort, instead it seems like it's all you know how to do.
Patrick pulling the trigger on those filings seems like the first most obvious example,
but there have been a lifetime of these, my life consumed in this shit.

Congratulations,
Brendan S. Rose (∞)
CEO, Lucifer Media Corporation
Director, EUR€CORP
EUR€CORP, a division of Lucifer Media Corporation
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com
www.lokiskingdom.com

[EUR0CORP LOGO]

[Sent with Proton Mail Secure Email. Stored with Zero Access Encryption]

