[NOTE TO THE DEEPDIVE: The following letter was sent to the SECOND SHOPPPERS DRUG MART MANAGER TO FACE ME ON THE ISSUE OF: Medicine Delivery, who claims to be muslim, if she is, i expect to find medicine in my mailbox. They will treat me equally, the same as any other Canadian in Shoppers Drug Mart, no exception will be carved out for me outside the law. They will agree or they will face the HRTO judgment, an evil destination.]

Hello Shoppers Drug Mart Manager,

إِنّا للهِ وَإِنّا إليهِ رَاجِعونَ)

> وَإِذَا لَقُوا۟ ٱلَّذِينَ ءَامَنُوا۟ قَالُوٓا۟ ءَامَنَّا وَإِذَا خَلَوْا۟ إِلَىٰ شَيَـٰطِينِهِمْ قَالُوٓا۟ إِنَّا مَعَكُمْ إِنَّمَا نَحْنُ مُسْتَهْزِءُونَ

Masha, (I hope I remembered that correctly, I feel it was 4 characters, I am sorry I am TERRIBLE with names)

I am a disabled artist and fellow muslim.
I am asking you, begging you PLEASE DELIVER MY MEDICINE TODAY
and every day after this. PLEASE DO NOT DENY ME THIS SERVICE
BASED ON MY DISIBILTY OR RECORD OF OFFENSES.

I understand the evil and dastardly Martin, that knave,
has told you to do this evil thing.
To lie to me again and again, offering promise after promise
then again and again pulling the carpet out from under me
and denying the service to once again induce me to
come give a another daily intelligence report to the Scoundrel Martin,
Who I am defeating soundly in court as he runs in fear of my HRTO SUIT.

Because you had sided with him,
you are in the suit now.
I have done it in such a way that a final verdict would be very good for
shoppers drug mart, if adding you is approved by the registrar,
Your company if my rules changes are approved,
would earn 4 or 5 times their current size in wealth and money,
as millions of people flee the EVIL SYSTEM OF UNBELIEVERS
CAMH, the devil I now have by the horns.... 

Praise be to Muhammad!!!

They hate believers,
They hate vocal or written expressions of religious reverence like this,
Truly the unbelievers are lost and will cry out in repentance in the last days
Though today they live well,
in the other life the fire is their home.

I am requesting you deliver my medicine today.
رغم أنهم طلبوا منك عدم القيام بذلك.


Truly it is illegal under the glorious HRTO laws of human rights to refuse.
الحمد لله، سترد عليّ وتقول نعم.



To them is a foolish reward,
والله، سيقع عليهم الحساب يومئذ.



As clearly to deny this request is a refusal of service under human rights law, the highest law in Canada,
يتجاوز هذا النظام القضائي القانون المدني والتقاضي المدني، حيث يشتري المحتالون الأحكام ويسحقون الضعفاء حين يطالبون بالإنصاف، إنه حقًا نظام قضائي فاسد. حقًا نبينا، النبي الحق إلا أنا، الحمد لله! سيهزم الكافرين كما يكذبون.



Therefore, those who refuse are subject to HRTO litigation.
القانون المقدس حيث يجد أولئك الذين يتعرضون للظلم من قبل المجتمع أنفسهم الأقوى في محكمة حقوق الإنسان في أونتاريو.



And therefore I request leave for you to grant my desire hiterto, from now until the end.
يُعدّ حرماني من الحصول على توصيل الأدوية إلى منزلي مخالفًا للقانون بموجب قانون حقوق الإنسان في أونتاريو. فهذا يُمثل معاملة غير عادلة وغير متكافئة، فضلًا عن انتهاك التبجيل الذي لا يليق إلا بنبينا الكريم، ولي أنا أيضًا إلى حدٍ ما، إذ إنني أسجد لمحمد، النبي الحقّ لله.



And to those who demand you do otherwise say: 
لا، أنت تأمرني بانتهاك حقوق الإنسان لهذا الرجل النبيل. بموجب قانون منظمة حقوق الإنسان في أونتاريو، يُعدّ هذا إهانة بالغة، ومصيرهم الموت المحتوم. تحمي منظمة حقوق الإنسان في أونتاريو حقوق الأشخاص الذين يرفضون انتهاك حقوق الآخرين الذين يتعرضون للهجوم لأسباب محمية بموجب القانون.



So when they say, "No you must do this", say:
لا، يجب ألا أخالف القانون. وإلا سيقع عليّ الحكم التالي.



Arabic:إِنَّ الَّذِينَ كَفَرُوا مِنْ أَهْلِ الْكِتَابِ وَالْمُشْرِكِينَ فِي نَارِ جَهَنَّمَ خَالِدِينَ فِيهَا ۚ أُولَٰئِكَ هُمْ شَرُّ الْبَرِيَّةِ
Translation:
"Indeed, those who disbelieve from the People of the Book and the polytheists will be in the Fire of Hell, to stay there forever. They are the worst of all beings."

Please write back, with when my medicine will be delivered.
Please put it in the mailbox.


إن شاء الله

سنصل إلى هناك يوماً ما



Regards,
Brendan S. Rose
CEO - Lucifer Media Corporation
Human Rights Activist
Self-Represented Applicant
HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I and HRTO FILE 2026-68793-I
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com
7.77 MB
1 file attached
Download all attachments

THE BRAND NEW CONDO BOARD (18).mp3
7.77 MB