Stephen Cahill (Soundcloud),

I decided to pre-empt your settlement offer with one of my own,
please review.

It is good until I make another....

ATTACHMENTS: (Note the songs merely indicate my emotional state, based on your selection, [imagine me playing that song while I'm doing my filings] no aggressiveness is intended beyond mutual friendly conflict in the courtroom, actually I like you, I want to help you.)
- WITHOUT PREJUDICE - Opening Offer to Kill the Case.pdf
- DEAL.mp3
- FIGHT.mp3
- Stephen Cahill (Soundcloud) COVER LETTER.pdf

I have included two songs, to demonstrate the value
I will bring to Soundcloud in the future,
Should you choose to allow me to stay,
For which I would be grateful,
But it is your choice, your platform.

Choose any offer, or none.

Any choice is valid, you are a smart man,
If you don't want to end this quick for free (just letting me monetize my AI, nobody else gets this) and kill the other case for $50,000, USD, that's your call, (I also ask 100K for a NDA), with mutual non-disparagement, it's literally just let me make a worthless living, let me collect the pennies that 6 grand every three months would be to you, (they've already spent more on you) for bringing in about a million hits every 1.5 - 3 months, I make you money with this deal, I stopped paying Suno for big numbers, because frankly, you're not paying me, so I can't funnel lots into Suno, it's not cheap, I spent probably 200-300 bucks just on Suno money in April. I was writing 3 original songs a day during that period, incredible output, I consider myself a songwriter only, (with a garage band hobby rock singing voice- rarely needed, undervalued) above beetles level output. In 8 months I have written 70% their lifetime number of songs. It's unsustainable, you've noticed my output has ground to a halt.
Literally man, all I'm asking is that, let me earn that relatively meager living with my AI music (limited exception carved out for me, that's all i really want -- Better than winning the final hearing, I don't want anyone else to make money off of AI, just me. This world hasn't been too kind to me, so I'm not doing it any favors, unless I have to.)
I expect a seasoned veteran like you,
to wait and try to kill the case easily and cheaply
without losing the Summary Hearing. Which I will win handily.
And as my submissions have already established victory,
regardless of the outcome of any Summary Hearing,
The Decision will fall to me. Assuming I can keep it admitted
into the record. (what I'm ACTUALLY afriad of) IE: if the judge doesn't throw out WRITTEN SUBMISSIONS OF THE APPLICANT.
Assuming those are entered into evidence I win.
Both cases. If he asks me to shave them down,
I'll rebuild them more dangerous.
If he just strikes them from the record,
then shoves me into a hearing with no submissions allowed,
FORM 20 - Request for Reconsideration, we fight it to divisional court. No guarantee I win that, I'll be honest,
I expect you to massacre me. It's what I fear the most.

I'm offering you a joke offer here,
Kill the case for nothing but a limited exemption on AI music for me, basically kill the case for free. Why not? Who cares TPS?
If you don't like Martin trying to frickin' destroy your case on day 2 by manufacturing my breakdown out of raw parts,
Kill that case for 50K too, hell, respond before the hearing
in the affirmative, I'll waive the 50k, kill both cases for free,
(free NDA until the Summary Hearing) for nothin, man.

[I JUST WANT TO MAKE A LIVING.]

To me that's a good offer, probably
there's reasons why you'll say no, a shame really.
I'm happy to listen to a counter offer, or even just discuss this with you at any time.

My greatest hope was that we could be friends,
and at the end of the case, shake hands, in person.

Please help me get my family back. [My wife's dad says I can meet my son if i earn a living for 1 year and send them money during that time.]

Offer's Good Until I Change The Deal.....

Have a good day,
-Brendan S. Rose "Loki" [EFSMB: Empowered Feminist Stole My Baby]
10:37 PM - 2026-08-30 - AUGUST 30th 2026 "Day of the Son"