Oh, the Distrokid thing, I forgot to explain the core issue.
I don't care if they ban me, I get piss views on Distokid, i get a 1000th of a cent in royalties,
it's garbage. I do like the albums they make for me on their platforms, but
I'm focusing on MY OWN PLATFORM, www.lokiskingdom.com, where I can post RED APPLE
with almost zero fear of a crackdown. The reason I'm fighting so hard for Loki's Gang,
is because it's my Swan Song, Suno put me out to pasture,
Music is too expensive for me to make at scale anymore,
They priced me out of the market, I made 10,000 songs in 9 months,
and I guess, that's the lifecycle of an AI artist these days,
I guess we retire a lot earlier than other types of artists,
So since LOKI'S GANG really is my swan song, it literally might be
the only album I'll ever be releasing from Suno, after this,
you might get 22 track albums once a month, but it won't be
hundreds and thousands like before, so the tidal wave is over.
So if Loki's Gang is the last album, then I want it to have
the best content, I want it to be my best album ever,
something that justifies that Swan Song.

And Look, I'm not a frothing at the mouth extremist,
I'm not even trying to publish LUCIFER MEDIA CORPORATION (song series)
on Distrokid, because it's racist.

I think that's fair, I'm not posting a racist song on Distrokid,
but I CAN publish it on my own platform (not super racist, just
mildly insulting like deflating a balloon, just basically saying
i don't give a damn about the next George Floyd after the life
I've lived relative to what you got going on, victim my ass!!!)
It's not HORST WESSEL LEID, it's just a mildly racist comment,
so my theory is Distrokid would be way more sensitive to that
than RED APPLE and we're killing Distrokid.

I'm not even planning to sue them,
I'm just killing the platform if they say no to this album.
I'm getting tired of resubmitting albums every day or two,
I'm busy Distrokid, can we hurry this up?

They either accept this album, or bounce it again and I'll consider what to do
or they kill the platform, I'm legitimately baiting the latter, because it's worth
less keeping that platform than the potential of publishing the full release is
it's basically, if they publish the full release, they've proven value to me, i stay,
they delete my account, i need to know that's who i'm dealing with, sacrifice,
focus more on Lokiskingdom.

I'm currently 10 days late on my Soundcloud monthly payment,
in about 20 days they'll rip down all my distributed albums,
including the album bearing the image of my son and wife playing in the park
with a green balloon. (that's why i'm thinking about paying)
but conversely millions of people are listening to my music on Soundcloud (for free)
and I'm genuinely thinking about killing all the freeloaders.
All those people listening, are paying nothing, I would arguably value all my songs
on www.lokiskingdom.com, all 10,000 of them, being locked behind my paywall
giving away only 3 songs a day, I would prefer 0 people listening because there's no freeloaders,
to 2.5 million people I have on Soundcloud currently (2.25 technically)
but nobody is paying me anything. Yeah I'm basically at the point of
not paying that 20 bucks and letting the album die, my son, my son's album,
I don't want it to die, but if i leave it up, nobody will every want to pay for my site,
which is the better content, the real content, no rules, just me,
because they can get everything for free from Soundcloud.
IT'S TEARING MY APART SALLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!