ok, i uploaded everything that's in the game,
including the tribunal stuff where it now plays one of those at random
when you choose EAT THE DEAD (we'll eventually use those for gameplay you will have to listen)
For now the next thing i need to make is CONCERN (17).mp3 name, when you input that as your name,
you'l progress to the next area, I can fill these in for a long time before i get bored,
i imagine people scrambling with a notebook to keep track of them all.
Like i advertised all paths lead to death, they do in life, or at least our lives.....
I also included the dialogue from various parts of the game, you can listen if you want,
i only voice the Kawaii Aerisita or INFINITY lines, the other characters are all silenct
protagonists (I'll use him a lot), so the tribunal is kind of stalled,
In TPS case and Soundcloud case I was supposed to submit a quick document by the deadline
and show up for my hearing, instead i delivered hundreds of pages of documents before the deadline,
and if i'm not mistaken i think the topic of conversation is now whether i get that summary hearing at all!
But I had a lot to say, i wanted to be as prepared of those hearings as possible,
so if we meet there, and those submissions are the record, I'm ready to fight over that record,
and those cases and others (5 others) make up the EAT THE DEAD portions of the game,
the message i clear, stop looking at the court record, precedent, all of that stuff,
assess the situation for what it is registrar, instead of finding your self trapped in the volume
of the record, or the chains of precedent, no, you need to stand up and face the situation bravely
state my name and get teleported to the real game. It's not subtle, well maybe kinda subtle.....

ah yes, there is a real registrar,
he might even take issue with this game,
(though i place low odds on it....)

I think i see what happened, I applied for 7 human rights cases,
2 reached past service so far, what likely happened is i immediately noted
genuinely abuses of human rights, that are semi to largely serious,
and they sat up and took note, approved those cases (2 of them)
and seriously considering the others, until they saw my behavior,

a dumbass in court, sending hundreds of pages of content for a mere summary hearing,
a formality mostly, requesting very odd things, basically, making the whole thing into a joke,
which is usually when they start dismissing cases, except.....

the cases i identified revealed genuine human rights abuses
they are duty bound to investigate them they cannot just drop them
because i'm acting strange. And now we're kind of paralysed,
because my behavior continues, but the case still need their hearing,
I'm not sure they know what to do, they've been deliberating for
2 weeks on most of this stuff, usually summary hearing scheduling takes
2 weeks, but they're taking a long time on this.
looks like i put them in a bind.....

anyway i'm moving on, i'm switching my focus to my videogame
so I don't make trouble for myself in court.

But i had to make the registrar a character, because he's such a cool premise for a character,
you want that guy in your game, anyway my face is crying, i need some whiskey,
you guys do it,
and do you think,
the person being kidnapped at the start is the registrar?
He's on abilify, and performs street music, that doesn't sound like a registrar,
that sound like Tenma, from the first game, the mummy dead on the floor,
in room 1, the number 9 door, which your goal in the first game was to reach it
(you started at abandon all hope ye who enter here) I think I will,
the first character in the intro, that's not the registrar, that's another character,
and he's dead.