October 29th 2022 - Grotesque Comedy Routine

October 29th 2022 - Graphic Evidence of Injury

October 29th 2022 - Self Deprecating Comedy Routine

This is me making the best of a bad situation, the lack of food protracted over months,
combined with the loss of my pets, Sam had made me throw away, and the loss of my family,
which Sam contributed immensely to caused my condition to deteriorate to the point I had cut my hand open
in this gruesome and grisly manner, and it has been bleeding for a about a week when I recorded
this routine. I tend to juxtapose extremes of comedy and horror in my works, and that is what
I was doing here. I was making light of the situation, because it was the most horrible thing
I could possibly have experienced. The result of these events was lifelong trauma that still
haunts me even 4 years later. And likely will for the rest of my life. This also explains
my hostility to Sam, because at this point in time he was still blocking calls begging
for him to send money for food. I was starving to the point of injury, and was a few
days away from my ODSP of about 1000-1100 dollars, which Sam would claim approximately 
650 dollars of. Bills and Credit Card Debt claimed about another 250 dollars, and 
inexplicably, a further 150-200 dollars was spent purchasing a website, as I was
in despair and felt i might die soon, I stopped caring even about the budget.
This accelerated the problem immensely. Sam characterized the website as the reason
for the collapse. And lectured me about budgeting. As he did in the emails included
in EXHIBIT A (SEE: Vinyl Records). The calls to Sam begging for money for food
were quickly blocked, if he communicated at all it was briefly to say no
and then blocked again. My behavior was characterized as rude, my begging
to be given money for food was characterized as irresponsible.
He had told me something to the effect of "I already bought you the condo,
I'm not going to pay for anything else" And as I tried to explain i was in danger
he blocked.

Note: After these events, had i not found Julia (my landlord's) house,
within 3 days Sam was intending to put me out on the street.


Song the Background - set me free.mp3

Recorded in Chinatown around Late 2021 - 2022, A haunting ballad about the loss
of my wife and son.