Hi,

I'd like you to review:

Conversation with Oleksiy on Lucifer.pdf

This comes after a rather embarrassing scenario where i blocked him when he refused to join my board of directors so I could incorporate and become an official religion in Canada. This was doubly wrong, perhaps triply.
First of all, I can incorporate Federally, straight up, with only board member, me. But all this does is reserve the name "Lucifer" for my corporation, so no one else can use it. I'm waiting until the end of the month to incorporate.
Hopefully no one else Snagged the name, I doubt they did..... I just have a feeling that name is still open and free to use. NOT FOR LONG.

Secondarily, this doesn't convey official religious status in Canada, nor does an HRTO suit finding of Creed Sincerity, that's only useful for a money payout, which isn't exactly what I was intending to do it for.
But we're knee deep in it, so I'm not going to withdraw, I want a result, a ruling, hopefully a good one.

No, to gain official religious status in Canada, turns out I already did.
There is no process to become an official religion in Canada,
If you have your religion, and you believe it, you are a religion in Canada,
rather, I am already a religion in Canada, it has the same weight as 
Christianity with 2000 years of history and 100,000 temples, chapels and churches.
At first I was very angry there is no official process, now I think it's a very wise system,
the government has no business rubber stamping that, or denying stamps,
they wisely kept themselves out of it.

I've decided to abandon my plans for murderous revenge against humanity.
Because I found this home, I am not going to throw it away.
This home, this family, I'm not giving it up for anything, not even my revenge. (crying)
I was eyeing different targets, it's hard because you'd have to carry something,
and could easily get caught and charged if you screw up,
there was a cafe nearby, where people would be sitting in chairs,
They'd have to spend time getting up before they could start running,
And the people inside the cafe would also be trapped, I could get many of them,
It was a good soft target, I could have got many people there.
I also thought, maybe i should just do the worst thing humanly possible
to the exact target you were trying to protect, so next time,
when someone like me wanders into town, maybe you wouldn't
be so quick to bully them, to the point they finally snap,
and do this, as you'd lose more..... of what you're trying to protect,
if you got the exact opposite result of what you were looking for,
If your actions resulted in the polar opposite of what you were trying to do,
and worse than you ever imagined, worse than what you were trying to stop to begin with,
maybe then you'd treat that man with more respect, just out of self interest,
to avoid a repeat of Brendan Rose.

And you know I'd have probably done it.
Except I woke up.
I'm in this home.
I have my mom Julia.
My brother Oleksiy,
My asshole brother Oleg,
and Ihor 1 and Ihor 2,
and that guy who's here sometimes,
and my sisters, who's names I don't know,
and a few others who drop in from time to time.
I have this beautiful home.
I just kinda realized there is no point in throwing it away.
I hate humanity, I still want my revenge, but I'd have to lose everything I have to get it.

Maybe if these retards got their big wish and someone somehow convinced
Julia or someone else to issue an eviction order,
Then sure, Go Hog Wild, Make them pay for that mistake,
but at least for now, and likely for a very long time,
I have this beautiful home,
And people who love me.
This is my family.
This is my home.
I'm not giving it up just to punish this world for what it did.
It's not worth it.
What I lose is too much, for what i get, a jail cell and a momentary sense of release,
one memory I could cherish in that cell for the rest of my life.
It's not worth it, what I lose would be too valuable, worth too much.
Never give up your family.
They don't have to be blood.
My blood has brought nothing but torment and misery on me.
My wife and son, are strangers, who hate me, well the wife does, I still don't know what they're telling the sun.
I think he has no idea who i am, and they're taking steps to block me on any accounts he has access to,
so he can't find out, is my guess, anyway who care's this retard's heroes journey.
If he ever wants to talk I'm here, but he's not my family,
Your family are with you,
Your family live with you at home.
Don't ever give it up for something of little value.
How worthless revenge would truly be, compared to what I would lose.
My mom, my brothers and sisters, this beautiful home in the best part of the city,
My GOD TRADING THAT FOR A JAILCELL HOW WAS I EVEN CONSIDERING THIS!!?!
YES THEY DESERVE IT!!! OBVIOUSLY!!!! BUT I DON'T DESERVE THAT!!!!
I DESERVE A GOOD HOME, AND A FAMILY WHO LOVES ME!!!!
HOW COULD I THROW THAT AWAY?!?!?!