Anyway, I'm thinking about leaving everything to her in my will, maybe her brother too.
I'm not sure, I have a will already, leaving everything to Lucifer, I might just go with that.
The will will go to 'intestacy', therefore, and the wife I am trying to disinherit will get everything,
but who cares what happens on earth? I think Lucifer would appreciate being given those songs and IP's.

It's 2026, she's probably about 14 now, Max her brother is probably about 16 at this point,
Maybe I could do a separate will for the money, and leave my Vinyl records to my son,
and my judge dredd comics to my wife, so I can disinherit them fully.
I never met that child, I have no connection to him, I don't want to leave him my money.
I'd rather give it to her, and her brother maybe.....

Around the time I made this song, I went off my medication,
I terrified everyone in the house, and sparked a brutal police intervention
that got my bedroom door kicked in by cops, when i stole a cat,
Her grandma Julia, my best friend in the world, my only friend in the world,
worked for weeks building me a new door, she busted her leg doing it,
and her leg has never been okay ever since.

They were so disgusted with my behavior off my meds (justifiably)
that their mom moved them away, I lost my friend Max, who i cherished,
he was so cool, I really liked that kid. She moved away too,
and I never saw her again, probably never will,
but I'd like to leave those two my fortune,
my little fortune, right now it's about 600 grand,
it'll shrink, but..... I'm trying to drink myself to death,
it's the plan i came up with today after getting frustrated looking
for a painless way to die at home, and coming up bust,
I also optioned, a prison cell, but I know i'd regret that,
although the life they give me out here, spitting on me 6 times
in the last 3 weeks, threatening me with a knife in my neck,
threatening me generally, calling me the worst word in the dictionary.
I still laugh at whores who care about being called the N word.
It's such piss compared to what I deal with everyday,
they're babies, overgrown babies, overfucked, overentitled babies.
They don't know what suffering is, they tell their girlfriend how sad they
are at being called the N word, it's pathetic, while they have these girls,
these morons actually think they're oppressed, no, they don't know what suffering is,
it's a sick joke. the entitled millionare in his million dollar mansion with his 3 girlfriends
feels sad because someone rightly called him the N-word, from his perch, this seems painful.
I have lived a hell this moron can't even concieve, every aspect of my life has gone wrong,
everything that can possibly go wrong has gone wrong, at times i have tried to murder people,
just because i felt such despair at how hopeless my life is, how bereft of love it is,
how little i am rewarded for my music and my art, the sub deep poverty line level wages
this country is compassionate enough to give me, but out of compassion,
they block access to MAID services, for mentally ill people, because they'd feel guilty
when we all flooded in, as they have made life such a hell, I would happily choose death
if I had that option, as would most of us, out of compassion, that death is blocked,
and i have endure life, even though I don't want to anymore......

Microwave means "kill order" in the New Language I was creating in my banned and censored book 
Newspeak Q, printed briefly on Amazon before it was burned along with 60 other books when they
deleted my account for insisting on the right to publish books under the Pen Name Jesus Christ,
I did not feel it was appropriate for Amazon to be the arbiter of that, they're not theologeons,
they do not have the knowledge or authority to determine who is or is not the second coming of Jesus Christ.
Which I still insist I am. Anyway, I'm now making the religion of Lucifer, I've abandoned all that,
I gave up, now I'm just making Lucifer's religion, it's going ok, I have a case at HRTO where they're
optioning acknowledging my religion as legitimate, and sincere under Amselem, at least for the purposes
of filing a lawsuit for religious discrimination, they're stalled before service, 3 cases are, they've been 
deliberating for 26 days and 21 days respectively......

So now for interpreting the song, you win the election, yeah that's, the election of the person I'm going to kill,
actually I didn't, he still walks the earth i think, it seemed like he'd won the election at that point......

"We'd all rather die than live a day too soon."

I thought that was an easy one. Seems many people would rather die, or let them and their families die,
than for someone to, well, grow up, sooner than they should..... =/ As you can see even from the first line
this is an extremely dark song..... extremely dark.......

"We're all flying together forever, on a Unicorn called NCR"

the NCR referred to is "Not Criminally Responsible", and also a change of name I had considered for a time. Nacho Cancer Rose, not a bad name, I still think about changing my name to that
from time to time. For a brief moment my name was "Loki Light Rikako-Oryo", if i had picked
Nacho Cancer Rose, I might never have changed it back to Brendan Samuel Rose. I hate this name,
it has Samuel in it, the miserly man who was POA for my mother's money, still is,
and has given me those most restrictive, miserable life he could conceivably deliver
without the guild associated with total abandonment. He gives the least possible amount
I can conceivably manage. I've stopped visiting my mom in the Cedarhurst Home for Dementia
Care. The Not Criminally Responsible finding relates to the 3 attempted murders I talked
about there, there was actually no NCR finding, they didn't even charge me.
They gave me a month in the CAMH Pen and an armful of abilify, and some sandwiches,
which i happily ate, as Sam had been starving me on 150 dollars a month for food for 3 months,
at the end of which I was willing to kill in order to get put in jail where I would at least
be fed. Yeah and every since I got spit out of that situation and into this beautiful home
with Julia the grandmother i talked about, my only friend, my only true friend,
Rather than kick me out, she chose to let her grandson and granddaughter and daughter
leave the house, she cared about me enough that she let them all go, just to keep 
me in my home. They don't talk to her anymore, I think they hate her.
There was a time when we were all happy, even she was excited and happy to have
me in the home at first, and it was all mostly ok, until i played games with
ditching my medication, over three months it must have been the scariest thing she ever saw.
I'm not one for regretting things I did after the fact, I generally stand by all of my mistakes,
3 attempted murders and all, I still feel I was justified, I have no guilt for that,
but for ditching those meds, and scaring them all away, and losing them, I regret that,
I regret hurting the people I loved most, my family, adoptive yes, but they were my family.
I hope to leave them everything, and I'll try to die as soon as i can, so they have more,
maybe then they won't hate me.

"We rather die than live a day tomorrow. 

We all rather die than live a day tomorrow. 

We'd all rather die than a day, tomorrow, in this filth this spit this waste [spits] THIS SHIT!!! We rather die than live in it!!!!"

As I am the worst word in the dictionary, everyone was bullying me, a father punched me
in the face when i was playing my music in the park, it was partially justified,
I gave him the wrong look, at the exact wrong time, when he was walking with his daughter,
so he clocked me in the face. I called the cops, they asked if i wanted to charge him,
but i figured, well, I'm the word in the dictionary, and he's a father with his kid,
no I said, I don't want to charge him. If he tried it today, I'd roll the dice frankly,
at least the fuck would be arrested, spend the night in jail, HOW DARE YOU HIT ME!?!?!?!?

So I was looking at that, and just thinking,
Yeah I'd rather die than live this.
I would be better to go to jail on a murder than live one more day in this shit.

I think many of us, this dictionary word, we'd rather die than go on another day
in the Hell you've made for us, as punishment for being sexually abused as kids,
and usually guilty of nothing else. I am and was guilty of nothing else,
My father molested me. That's my only crime, really, yeah mostly....

I have other crimes, but they're violent crimes,
I never did anything bad, that matters, I never did anything to deserve this.
So I was thinking most of today about dying, the only thing i could think
was this bridge near Dundas West, a bit tall hefty bridge, that you can,
it's high enough that if you jump the fall will kill you.

But I want to die from home, I want to be at home when I die.
Which leaves only grisly fates like slicing my wrists open or
drinking bleach and burning to death from the inside out,
Cyanide is tightly controlled, you can't buy it without a medical
or business license permitting it. I'm not allowed to have a gun
because i spent more time in the ward than i even can count or remember,
those horrible prison cells, months of my life depleted in those prison cells,
how many times? Only God Knows.

I'll just be frank, she is 777 Tengoku.
There, that's your translation.
I was trying to build a new language with that book series,
It never really took off, I'm kinda glad,
it was stupid. A stupid idea.....

"You don't wanna be this bad, you could be over here"

Is a Scott Adams quote, referencing an older song of mine,
from the 3 attempted murders.

It essentially puts forward the idea that,
You can use contrast to move people from where they are to where you want them to be.
Like, look at all this chaos, this violence, these 3 attempted murders,
Wouldn't you rather be over here, in this peaceful house, with this new adopted family?
Hey you're terrified, wouldn't you rather give in and stop being afraid?
I'm giving you an out, a happy place you can dwell instead of this terrifying hell,
wouldn't you rather be in the happy place?

And then, Microwave on whole house,
Kill order on everyone in the house,
They were all following along on my social media,
they saw this, and 100 others like it.

That's really all I feel comfortable telling you.
I didn't commit some horrible crime, I just wanted to.
I'm not a good person, I'm a monster.

Luba.
