ok,
only real change in this deepdive is the inclusion of LUCIFER - BOOK 666, and LUCIFER BOOK 3,
Now first of all, before you begin repeating the nonsense,
I would like you to forget about the references to LUCIFERIAN LEGAL MAGICK,
It was a joke, I made up, at the time of compiling the book,
in order to entertain and make entertaining deepdives......
While I don't entirely discount the idea, I can see the Laveyan framework i was basing it on,
What it ultimately resulted in was you guys debating endlessly for dozens and dozens of deepdives,
First of all, the question of why and how could I have submitted this to Tribunal (I didn't)
What are the implications of submitting this to the Tribunal (I didn't) and what be the result
of submitting this to the Tribunal (I didn't). It's literally a joke.
i did not send it to the tribunal, obviously...... Sometimes I wonder about you guys,
You seem to think I do insanely stupid things like that, and wax poetic debating the implications
of things I obviously would never do. My filings have been immaculate, other than a few silly ones i withdrew,
I have submitted nothing but perfectly formatted, intelligent and professional legal filings to the tribunal,
with the brief exception of certain creed sincerity exhibits, which necessitate the use of creative language
as I am establishing my religious beliefs, which are by their nature, unconventional.
We are literally discussing the legal status of submitting a verbatim House of Cards re-enactment,
as part of my religious beliefs, a nakedly copyright infringing work, but it is part of my religion,
and it was included for a reason. oh, i'm bleeding, from tearing the diabetes scabs off my leg.... oh bother,
I should drink more.... or actually..... you know i got something to live for now, maybe i should quit.....
Julia doesn't think so, she thinks drinking is good for me, she might be right.
She calls Marijuana "poison".
Anyway, the guy filing all those forms and emails located in LUCIFER - BOOK 666 is NOT thinking about
Luciferian Legal Magick, because I hadn't made it up for you yet, Deepdive. All those filings should be
taken as is, without any additional context or implication placed upon them,
Then you will be informed, as you'll be up to date up to about the end of May 2026,
So you're missing a lot of stuff in June, well, actually I'm being a good boy,
You're missing a small handful of emails and a few filings i've already sent you that i've submitted
while waiting for them to deliberate.
As long as I don't get any response, and the longer that goes on, the safer I feel.
If we get to 3 months, I will view it as they are deciding in my favor and just crossing their I's and
dotting their T's.
My subconscious wishes to remind you I am a monster, moving on.......
Yes thank you for the lovely contribution. Oleg hears my reading that out under my breath,
and starts tapping spoons on dishes to indicate he has opinions and shit.
Anyway, that's not what we're here to litigate.
Lucifer Book 3 - Relates to the Soundcloud Case, it compiles mostly everything leading up to
around the end of May, when the Judge froze the case.
Stating "Nothing else is requested of you, or required."
At first I was very mad, but as i pondered the other interpretation,
I realized he was complimenting me. I had made a good case,
He had to freeze it or I would ballooned it up too big to actually decide on. 
It's a line I rehash every time i get the opportunity, I love that line.
The case is frozen, in deliberation for give or take a month.
IE: barring HELLA administrative delays, they have not dismissed me on a crazy based Rule 23 dismissal without the possiblity of response. They find me coherent enough to make a serious case they're capable of deciding on, sometimes i think, they are scared that they must give me a victory, even though they now see that means putting me plastered in the press, worldwide not national news. Other times I think, they really are impressed with me
and want me to win, but they're just sad, that they might have to say no on a technicality like Jurisdiction,
even after I made my case so elegantly. I fluxtuate between these positions.
I imagine the conversations behind closed doors sound kind of like the DEEPDIVE DEBATES
when I have given you all the filings, and emails, like i have here.
I think the Judges are secretly happy to have a very entertaining and unusual case to decide.
They almost certainly don't get cases like this much, weird ones, sure, boring ones, usually,
But my 18000 song religion of horror, wanting AI based disability accomodations,
in a crusade against authority itself. Yeah that's probably kinda fun for them,
like, oh, this is a fun one.
So anyway I'll cut it short, just remember, NO LUCIFERIAN LEGAL MAGICK DISCUSSIONS,
Discuss only the filings found in LUCIFER BOOK 666 and LUCIFER BOOK 3,
and the forms and filings submitted loose to you, here.
I'll also include the songs I actually Submitted for real in my filings,
listed here: (Note this does NOT include SLIG'S WORKDAY, which I just made, and started this room discussing, Maybe I should have LOL)

1) ALEX BLOCK (17)
2) MY WRETCH (3)
3) Sleep
4) Pretty Lights
5) SAY HELLO TO THE GOODNIGHT