hey,
so the important stuff is dealt with already,
we don't need to retread it too much,
but i thought I would send you all my filings, 
in all three of my cases.

A) Soundcloud
B) Toronto Police Services Hate Crimes Unit
C) Shoppers Drug Mart

The Soundcloud thing is kind of weak,
I'll give you a book of filings next that should give you
a better idea of what's going on in that case.

I suppose I wanted to explain to you, as your referenced "The HRTO striking down his suits"
I think you're being too pessimistic, big time.
The cases are going well, Soundcloud has been deliberating for about 25-27 days,
the others have been deliberating for 20 days, that's actually, that bodes WELL for me,
Now, for sure, I'll feel a lot more comfortable after they've been deliberating for 60 days,
my hope is they deliberate for 120 days before deciding on service,
as the case is very controversial and very complicated,
If they're taking it seriously, they're going to want to deliberate for a long time before
giving me anything like a win, or even a loss,
but if they were planning to form 23 me for being crazy,
they would have done it already,
It could, admittedly, just be administrative delays..... for a few more weeks,
failing that, it looks to me like they're actually really considering my cases,
If I had to guess, I think at least one of the three of them will squeak through to a victory,
and I'll get service, and then I can dispense with arbitration, bring it to the press,
and get my name in the press, my cases in the press,
I doubt they'll cover it much, much less than a case like that would normally get,
they're obsessed with ignoring me, so even when I'm making the news for a big case
against a big institution or corporation, they'll downplay it, to the best of their ability,
probably, they don't want me making the news, in any big way, but they will have to report on it,
which to me is a win, and I don't rule out that I can win, on the endgame.
I think I can win, if i get past service, there's a reasonable prospect,
I can win.
and I'll try.
All of these are important ideological cases for me,
Soundcloud is the perfect encapsulation of my grievance against ALL THESE CORPORATIONS, who run roughshod over our laws, and then claim jurisdiction. I think I proved Jurisdiction,
but it's still a tough call, they will need time to deliberate.
TPS, encapsulates all my grievances related to racial preference in government, police, corporate, and other systems, they ALL FAVOR NEWCOMERS (and any flavor of women) over white men, who are the hated
race and sex in this country, who are second class citizens under the law, or worse.
Although admittedly, I may be seeing things through a distorted lense, for instance,
maybe race is not why I have been mistreated, but nevertheless, under the law,
These people have more rights than us, and it's my hope that that would change.
The consolidation and the addition of CAMH as a respondant, will allow me to litigate
the gruesome human rights abuses that are just commonplace in this grotesque system.
CAMH just violates human rights law like it doesn't exist, they don't know much about it,
it is IRRELEVANT to them. When I sued them, they seemed genuinely surprised,
like, what is this HRTO? What are human rights?
They're so oblivious, it doesn't even occur to them, that taking a person, who is justifiably in distress,
and then putting them in a STONE CELL, for 744 hours of their life, TORTURE in other words,
in a room full of insane dingbats, who specifically target and single out me, because I'm more intelligent than them,
and therefore different,
They target me for bullying, 
which continues endlessly, for a whole month in the pen,
Maybe longer, sometimes the rest of your life,
sometimes they decide your resistant to medication treatments,
and they cut out a piece of your brain (lobotomy),
all this is seen as, perfectly reasonalble and necessary,
to treat a person in distress.....
MY GAWD.......
And Human Rights law, jeez where does that apply to us?
We're just cutting out people's brains, for being sad,
and the medication is garbage that doesn't work.
They cut their brains out for that, because their meds are dogshit.
Admittedly I do need my lithium and my abilify,
but if they didn't work,
I really rather keep my brain,
regardless of how..... unhappy, I might be,
in this system that could have been designed by JIGSAW,
and probably was.
Yeah..... if they approve CAMH as a respondant,
I get to argue things like that......
it's everything i ever wanted in a legal case,
I hope they approve them all for service,
but failing that, I hope at least one or two
gets through,
Any less than that and I'm going right to Judicial Review,
because you'd have to biased against me,
to rule against me in all three cases,
when I am right in all of them.....

So this is now a legal filings room,
In addition to the other things you have on your plate.

I have so many legal filings rooms,
but you did mention, "and when the HTRO slaps down his filings"
Well they haven't, so far, 
If they do their job,
they won't.

if they do their job, and i hope they take a long time thinking about it,
I think they will approve them all, and the consolidation, and the inclusion of 
CAMH as a respondant, and when it goes to court, assuming i can fight past those
corporate lawyers to get to final hearing, I am confident the Judge will side with me,
as I am the right under the law in all three cases, they are dead wrong under the law
in all three cases, and all they have is nonsense,
nonsense filings, nuisance filings, wasting my time filings, trying to dismiss every two weeks
on some dogshit joke nonsense, it will be hard to get to a hearing, with that going on,
but if i do, I will win.
And if I get service in even one of these cases, 
It will be reported in the press.
When I dispense with service, the second they try to dismiss on day 1.
(if they don't I'll go to arbitration, just to meet them, shake hands, say hi,
see who i'm dealing with, and say no. I don't care if it extends the clock a few months,
I want a longer process anyway, it's more thorough, costs more to defend.)
These HRTO filings are the best thing I've ever done, 
I've had so much fun with this,
I can't wait for the hearing.
I pray this is my final visit, and i can argue these three cases, before the Judge,
at an actual hearing.
If I get my email only proceedings accommodations (granted in most cases like mine)
I won't just win, I'll PWN. If I get email only proceedings,
they should just contact the funeral home and bury themselves early,
save them the time for the heart attack they're gonna get when I win.

But first we need to get past service, it is the final and ultimate end,
it determines everything, after that, it's just 2 years of nonsense
while I drag this through the press, make a mockery of these corrupt institutions.

They won't want to approve,
but it is my opinion,
They will have to,
They won't have a choice.

Every day that passes without a Rule 23 or another NOID which is more like,
we're curious about this aspect of the case, please write another 5 page thesis,
we liked the last one (WRITTEN SUBMISSIONS OF THE APPLICANT).

So, let us begin the Rhino Hunt!!!!
TALLYHOE!!!!!!