Really, it is a good idea to read these.

My SCHEDULE B is complete.

By the time you get your email, lady,
I will have already filed at HRTO against Shoppers Drug Mart.

Just giving you fair warning, 
This is the evidence I will be using against you.

If you wish, please write back
telling me you will assist me in serving Martin Notice,
it might lighten the load a bit, a little bit.

Another Item, please do not repeat that garbage anymore,
and instruct your staff to cease doing it, especially the post office staff.
That is slanderous garbage, do not repeat it anymore,
as you endangering my life further.

If you object to this, state clearly the nature of the claims
I am referring to as garbage. State your basis for believing this
criminal accusation. If you have none, then do as i have requested
as you will likely get me killed if you do not stop.

As detailed in this document,
A large man was waiting for me as I exited the Shoppers Drug Mart
With a large blunt weapon, which he was swinging around
in order to threaten me with. One day one of them's gonna do it, maam.
Why didn't you remove him from the Premesis.
Do you believe the slander is true, and that is why?

If not, why was he not removed?

Reply in Email Form please, 
as additional evidence I may need after my claim is filed.

You are recklessly endangering my life,
in your foolish quest to gossip.

Please tell the post office, not to repeat the slander
to women who wish to date me, right in front of me,
to scare them off. As I desire to date them.

Do not repeat the slander please,
You are just repeating insane lies from Tony.

Oh another note, do not repeat the slander please,
A close friend, like a brother to me, who lives with me,
has recently lost all of his teeth. He did not inform me
if this was the result of a violent attack by a local resident
or a dentist, one of the two. They have all been "extracted".

Please let me break character from this sarcastic persona
which has served me so well in court.
This is of the utmost seriousness, do not repeat the slander any further,
instruct ALL your employees to never again repeat the slander.
You are very likely to get me killed if you continue,
and I place very high odds that you have already
resulted in a brutal attack on my housemate and brother (not by blood)
Oleksiy. He is a good and kind man, his only crime is being kind to me.
He is always there for me on facebook, cheering me on.
You and your foolish staff, along with all the others,
have most likely resulted in his teeth being caved in.
Removed, all of them, beating straight out of his face.

Or if not, he should perhaps look into a lawyer,
for medical malpractise by his dentist,
frankly maam, also a distinct possiblity.

Regards Maam,
-Brendan Rose

SCHEDULE B:
In this encounter, the respondent, Anushka Aurora (Shoppers Drug Mart),
Is requested to aid me in serving Martin Rotenberg (who they communicate with
often)
notice in my HRTO Filing, before you now, Regarding Religious Discrimination
and Discrimination on the basis of disability, and Reprisal, and the infliction
of conditions tantamount to torture, and the threat thereof, to suppress an HRTO
Complaint.
Shoppers Drug Mart (Anushka Aurora) refused my request, and decided to pass me off
onto her Manager, rather the rather serious matter of the discrimination claim,
the implicit threat was clear, her manager would dispense my claim,
perhaps informing me not to return to get my lithium, due to likely
what they would categorize as unacceptable behavior in their corporate location.
The threat of further reprisal is implicit, the rejection is implicit.
As I am mentally Ill, she did not take my complaint seriously,
and defers to the neurotypical, Dr. Rotenberg, who I feel discriminated
against my mental illness in many ways, some structural, some direct.
My request to serve him notice was blocked on the basis of my
mental illness, and my religious music, whom they abhor.
The issue of my music has been a problem for a long time,
many people have complained, as they are generally hostile to me
and looking for things to get me in trouble with, they have not
as yet, denied me service on the basis of my Hymns, but they have
warned me about them. For this reason and others they likely
denied this simple request, denying me justice.
In the background the residents of the city can be heard leveling
slanderous accusations against me, which the employees of Shoppers Drug Mart
repeat incessantly, both in front of me, and when I'm away.
The man complaining, audibly, is stating that i am "coming out",
As Shoppers does not remove these people from the premises,
and in fact invites more of them in, the residents of the city
in the surrounding areas have gone mad. On the way home,
a man was seen brandishing a weapon, a large bō staff.
It is a long, traditional martial arts staff—typically
made of wood, oak, or bamboo—that measures roughly 4 to 5 feet in length.
He was spinning it around menacingly, in order to threaten me,
and induce fear and terror in me. Which has become commonplace
around here, as Shoppers Drug Mart does nothing to dissuade these people,
and even invites them in, and invites them back after abusing me,
verbally, or threatening me physically, and within the last two weeks
I have been spat upon by an unknown person, and another elderly man
attempted to spit on me again, though this was prevented, for now.
Shoppers Drug Mart both encourages this behavior by repeating the slander,
and refuses to act on those who act upon it, as the man who was
yelling his slander at me, in this recording, was not punished
or removed, but rather, allowed to roam free. Nothing was done.
It is considered normal.
Their actions endanger my life, on the basis of discrimination against
my protected characteristics, chiefly, disability status.
Allow me to clarify one thing, these claims and rumors against me,
this slander, repeated by Shoppers Drug Mart employees in full
audible view of me. Are completely baseless, and without any
merit whatsoever. I have been wrongly accused of this slander,
It is in no way accurate or true.
These dangerous slanderous accusations have whipped the local
residents into a frenzy, where violent assaults against me
are soon to become inevitable, they are preparing to hurt me.
As the ban with the large bō staff weapon, demonstrates.
I informed him that the use of a bow staff in this manner
is highly illegal, and he is clearly brandishing a weapon,
he immediately dropped his bow staff, then again and again
as i explained the laws regarding brandishing a heavy weapon
in public, as i had escaped any danger therefore, I did not
feel it necessary at that time to have the man arrested,
and I did not believe i would be helped if i tried.
At this time we will not be including the Toronto Police
as a respondent, as they have been mostly acceptable
during this matter under consideration.
Regards,
-Brendan Rose
11:40 AM
2026-05-29

Brendan Rose:
Okay, lady. This doesn't have to be a lawsuit.
[sounds of walking to the front desk at Shoppers Drug Mart at King and Tecumseth
Street.]
Brendan Rose:
I mentioned the issue of I had a very serious HRTO suit involving Martin uh Martin
Rotenberg.
Yeah. Um and I needed a way to serve him notice, but I didn't have any. He he
blocks uh by process and systems uh any service of any kind, so I can't serve him
an HRTO complaint. Uh but you I just Well, it occurs to me you have that fax
machine. Would you be willing to assist me in serving him notice or uh would that
be?
Anushka Aurora:
To be honest, I'm not 100% sure, but I can ask Paulina, who's my manager.
Brendan Rose:
Okay. Thank you.
Anushka Aurora:
And I think she's in tomorrow, so you can even speak to her then.
Brendan Rose:
Uh, can I give you my email and she can email her response? If possible, can you
provide an email for her?
Anushka Aurora:
Um, I only have I'll write down the email, but it's just the uh the pharmacy.
Brendan Rose:
Okay. What's your name again?
Anushka Aurora:
Anushka.
Brendan Rose:
Last name.
Anushka Aurora:
Aurora.
Brendan Rose:
Anushka. Aurora. That's a lovely name.
Anushka Aurora:
I completely worked that incorrectly. Sorry.
Brendan Rose:
That's fine. Take your time.
He's coming out red? What's he talking about?
Anushka Aurora:
So, that's the email that she has access to.
Brendan Rose:
Okay. And can I provide my email for her to uh I'd prefer she just send the email
tomorrow.
Okay. What's your email?
Uh let me write it down.
Anushka Aurora:
There you go.
Brendan Rose:
Good lord. This thing it's absurd. Okay. Yeah. The issue is uh Martin's institution
and a lot of big corporations like to put obstructions in place to stop people
serving them notice. And I need to serve Martin notice cuz he's uh potentially
guilty of some pretty serious offenses or at least his institution is if if my
allegations are proven.
Anushka Aurora:
Okay.
Brendan Rose:
Which I think they would be if they hit the HRTO. I'm doing pretty good. I told you
how I was doing before uh in the the courtroom now.
Anushka Aurora:
Okay. Thank you. I'll give her your email and then that's hers.
Yeah, just tell her to uh pass it on to uh to me. Uh I prefer her response in email
form.
Anushka Aurora:
Okay, I'll let her know.
Brendan Rose:
Okay, thank you. I look forward to it. Have a good day.
One party consent. If and when you refuse to assist me, uh manager at Shoppers Drug
Mart at King and Tecumseth Street, Uh, this will be labeled exhibit B. Oh, my
apologies. Schedule B in my HRTO complaint involving you. However, um, it is my
hope that when you email me tomorrow, please do not ambush me in the store. By the
way, uh, I would like to discuss it in email and as little conversation with you
guys at the store as possible is my request. I will formally request that you do
not speak to me about this matter or much at all in the the store unless you're
willing to assist me, which I deem highly unlikely.

Regards,
Brendan Rose
[Entertainer / App Developer / Self-Rep Lawyer / Company Owner / Political Activist / Aspiring Politician]
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com
www.lokiskingdom.com

PS: I am attaching a Holy Hymn for your enjoyment,
please enjoy.

Sent with Proton Mail secure email.
