SCHEDULE A: APPLICANT’S CLARIFICATION REGARDING JURISPRUDENCE

The Applicant submits this clarification for the record to ensure 
the parameters of this application are properly understood by the Tribunal and the Respondent:

AMMENDMENT 1: No New Laws

Brendan S. Rose, 1:45 AM 2026 06 01, JUNE 1st 2026

I would like to issue a clarification, to get ahead of the easiest to
misunderstand argument against what i have suggested.
That this request is out of scope for the HRTO and thus improper,
this is wrong.

What I am suggesting is to merely alter or reweight the standing
legal jurisprudence that views white individuals, as, forgive the
rather blunt comparison, 3/5ths human.

Because we have rights under the law, but far fewer of them.
We do not wield as big of a legal hammer as other citizens
and visitors to our nation hold. The right to file hate crimes
charges, is not open to white people. There are no cases where
this has been granted and applied to a conviction of a black man
attacking a white citizen, which happens commonly, and clearly
due to racial animus and hatred, though your definitions
place us on a lower standing under the law, where this shield
and sword, is not available to us, as the call to Hate Crimes Unit,
quickly transferred to the brutal 14 division, who then threatened
a wellness check and thus 744 hours in a CAMH prison. (if it quacks like a duck)
They instead, because i have a mentally ill diagnosis, assumed immediately
and with zero cause that i was in distress, ie stupid and having a tantrum,
and if needed, might need that stone cell for another month, to learn decorum.
it is a terrifying application of the law, my life has been a horror movie.
As described in SCHEDULE A, attached here. TPS has brutalized my family,
killed and separated me from my pets, put my pregnant wife in a prison cell
and gagged her, because she had pregnant hormones and was breaking stuff,
I wanted to warn her, not teach her a lesson she will never forget,
but you did. A sickening display, then you told her and her mom,
that "I" refused to drop the charges, when in reality i had been
screaming hysterically and crying begging you not to do this
horrific monstrosity of abuse to my pregnant and beautiful wife,
you could have killed my son! Luckily he survived, and seems well.
I can't say for sure, I have never met him, he is 5, i will never meet him,
he will hate me, and i agree. You tore my family apart like a tissue in your hands.
See the Schedule A for what you did to Julia, an 80 year old grandmother.
It is monstrous. A reasonable person recoils in disgust to hear stories like this,
though i will note, many of the African Canadian Nationality in our country
find stories like this truly delightful, and want more, and want my suicide,
so they can laugh, because of racial hatred and animus, which CAN be present
within a black skinned body, and this hatred CAN be applied to whites and
Asians and often is, with a two tiered justice system, seemingly inspired 
by the 40's with a color swap. A system where white people have some rights,
but not these ones, thus the 3/5ths comparison. This evil must stop one day.
My hope is that the Judiciary will simply change it's mind, and give
white people full humanity, and the same protections under the law,
that is given to black and ethnic minority arab and persian nationalities,
but not Asians, and not whites, unless they are jewish, such considerations
are better suited to a mad scientist in Nazi Germany's playbook than
a system of judges. If my allegations are true, perhaps shame would be
moving away from perdition. To some extent. Though you are close to there,
and your citizens i note have gone mad, spitting on these 5/5ths humans
more and more, each one taken away to a stone cell, to suffer for years,
and years more because they were motivated by hatred, of the people who
made them second class citizens, which you are lying should you say we are not.

So to wrap up,
When i say, make white humans fully human under the law,
and then jail this and jail that,
I didn't mean make new laws, these ones are fine.
When White Humans are seen to have the same value as Black Humans,
equality, in other words, the lie we were told would be provided
when they came.
In your system, a black person can spit on a white person,
and if he punches that man, the victim is up on hate charges as an additional included.
In your system, a white person can spit on a black person,
and the world cries, why forever, why could it ever be?
His fate is beyond recall, he is taken from his loved ones
and put in a cell, for 10 years probably, a fate so cruel
suicide is wise. 
Can i explain any further how foolish this is,
how ill advised, what a powder keg you are making,
thinking you are brewing fine wine for your rich
person gatherings.
When this powder keg explodes, likely it will result
in murders not spitting, as the humans still want equality
even though you think they need a wellness check instead.
We have a second class reporting system,
40 minutes to 2 hours on hold to report an assault in white person's TPS (14 division)
Or you can call the hate crimes unit, if you are not white and male, (the females of course aren't hated one bit)
and your call will be picked up within seconds, and dismissed within minutes, if white.
They may complain my report contained nothing they could charge,
it did in fact, i saw two of those guys, and could provide a description,
but I mentioned two incidents of spitting on me likely by minority ethnic residents,
and instead of bending the world to help me, because oh my, i am schizophrenic,
you threaten me with a month of torture for asking, that must be negotiated away,
and offer low quality food you rarely deliver on, in exchange for equality within the nation my fathers lived in
for hundreds of years. This invasion of impositions, stretching from UNIVERSITIES, HIGHER EDUCATION,
POLICE WORK, ANY GOOD JOB, GOVERNMENT JOBS, by extension THE DATING MARKET, (which is denied to poor tortured white men) HOUSING MARKET FOR THE SAME REASON, all these institutions discriminate against white people.
Which delights me, so we may enforce the law,
When White Humans are no longer interpreted by the judges as 3/5ths humans unfit for most tasks,
most living on welfare. When they are considered of equal value (SEE: the former charter equality protections,
no longer in use.) then I do not need the Registrar and the Tribunal to make new laws,
Everyone is equal, 
Everyone has equal value,
We are all children under God,
God loves all,
not just some.
And wonderfully, no new law is required, when we are no longer systemically discriminated against
and abused thusly, and have equal rights for the first time in ages, and our skin is considered the same
or better than your formally chosen favorites, which i feel it has the nicest shine,
When we are equal again, When the Judges talking to each other (all i request)
Realize now today the horrors you have done, and make it right, and make us equal.

Then the anti-racist spree begins, we dismantle every element of the racist system you have constructed, systemic racism is highly illegal, racist political parties, are banned parties in this country, if a judge in Canada was a deep south racist, making his inventions into law, he would be in jail, and any who followed his lead,
the corporations will simply comply when informed whites are now fully human, their humanity restored,
we will remove the racists from corporate positions and high level work, as nobody hires racists,
and as the money then naturally flows back to us, no one will date the racists, or sell them houses either for dimes, the racist and brutal police officers and officials would be taken away.... gone, they're gone,
all of them in jail or up on charges.

The only missing element: White People are considered fully human under the law by the judges, after the tribunal, attempts to informally convince them of this. Which is all i require or suggest of you at this time.

You see it's easy, just give us equality,
and the criminal racist institutions will be dismantled, and jailed.

and when it's gone, anyone who was part of this almost "beast-like" system, of abuse targeted at our race directly, the race who owned this country so well for so many hundreds of years:
(SEE: protections for indigenous people, protections against disenfranchising and destroying the lives and wiping out the history of indigenous residents of a particular geographic location, I don't recall the citation, but i suspect you can look it up. Whites are indigenous to Canada, we have been here a long time.) Why are we being abused?
It is likely in my mind, a lead up to a horror movie of abuses only Ghazi can truly comprehend.
You are building up to something even worse, slowly and steadily as you erode our rights and ruin our lives,
My son is your target today, not me, a horror movie you have ready for him, first a horror of loneliness,
finally he will enjoy more tangible horrors, like this, like what was done to me and my loved ones by
your cruel jackboot police force at 14 division, and others, brutalizing us beyond conception.

i seek no blood money from you,
I want reforms, rather, 
I simply suggest the judges talk to each other,
across courts, suggesting that perhaps 
equality might not be so bad after all.

Thank you,
-Brendan S. Rose