NotebookLM Logo
The Wellness Check Cancellation and Hate Crime Report
PRO
Sources
Hate Crimes Unit Discriminates Against Mentally Ill White People.mp3
Source guide
This source captures a series of frustrating interactions between Brendan Rose and various divisions of the Toronto Police Service as he attempts to report multiple hate-motivated assaults. The text highlights a significant disconnect between a citizen seeking justice for being targeted due to his mental illness and an administrative system that repeatedly redirects him toward social services rather than criminal investigations. Throughout the recording, the systemic dismissal of the victim’s concerns is palpable, as dispatchers characterize physical assaults as non-criminal "mental health crises" and subject him to excessive hold times. Ultimately, the document serves as a critique of how law enforcement may discriminate against vulnerable populations, specifically by denying them the same legal protection and investigative seriousness afforded to other protected groups.











The following is a conversation with 14 Division, a notoriously brutal and uh unpopular police division that happens to run my part of town. Um the conversation regards the events that are posted afterward and uh the officer is uh well I'm attempting to cancel a wellness check. A wellness check is uh if if you have a mental health condition, the wellness checks are genuinely terrifying. They break into your house. If you're not wanting that, they break down your door. He hasn't disconfirmed that they might break in in the middle of the night anyway, even though he canled it. Um the wellness checks result in if they want to, they'll take you to the ward. You'll spend a month in a stone cell full of insane, dangerous criminals and weird dingbats bullying and tormenting you like an animal in a cage. Uh there's no escape from the bullying monsters in those places. You're looking at stone walls with nothing to do for one month of your life. It is the most terrifying thing in the world. I'm trying to cancel it here as I had requested one. But as I realized I had called the wrong division, I attempted to stop it. He implied indirectly that some violence would be coming if I didn't cancel it. I'm here to test that theory. I wonder what happens when you file this at HRTO. What will the judges say?
Brendan Rose.
Okay. So,
Brendan Rose Okay. And you don't have like an occurrence number or anything?
No, I don't think so. Uh
Okay.
What's an occurrence number?
Uh well, that would be associated with the the case if it was created.
So, that's why I was asking because I'm
just looking it up here. Bear with me a second.
Do I have to do the report? I'd actually prefer not to. I'm I'd rather sleep. I'm busy and I don't think I was transferred to the red division. Anyway,
what was the report for?
Um,
do I have to get into it?
No. Uh, no, you don't. Uh, just I'm just going to check the board to see if there was accuracy.
Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Goodbye. Okay. So, well, yeah, in order to see if it was created, I need to see what type of
I was reporting uh some incidents of assault against me, spitting on me. And one man who uh tried to uh threaten me in or intimidate me with a deadly weapon when I was leaving Shoppers Drug Mart after getting my lithium.
Uh what was the address? 11 Stanley Avenue.
11 Stanley Avenue. Yes, I have it here.
Yes.
Uh, so it's still impending.
Can I cancel it? I I'd prefer not to do that. If it's mandatory, that's fine. I I'll talk to them. Uh,
no. So, you'd like to cancel it?
Yes. I I I I don't really need to make that report at this time for uh my purposes at this time. Uh,
cancel.
I sorry. I I I am considering filing an HRT or uh complaint against the hate crimes division. Uh anyway, uh can is that all? Can I get going?
Just bear with me. Yeah. So, you know what, sir? I'm gonna I'm gonna cancel I'm going to put a note saying that you'd like to cancel the the call. Um whether that happens or not, I I don't know if dispatch will see that.
Uh can you ask them to come in the morning if they come? I I'd prefer they don't come at all because I've canled it.
Yeah. I'll make I'll put in the notes that you'd like to cancel the call.
Uh okay. And if they don't cancel it for some reason, please come in the morning. is I would like to sleep.
Okay. Yeah, that's uh that will be out of my control, but I'll put in the notes that you would like to cancel it.
Uh okay. Uh I'll uh I'll I'll wait up all night for you guys to come home.
No, no, no. I wouldn't say that. I'm going to put in the notes to cancel it and uh most likely they'll cancel it.
Said most likely they will cancel.
Well, yeah. You don't have any previous injuries or
No.
Okay. All right, I'll um
I am well.
Okay, I will uh add the comments into the call.
Thank you.
Thank you. Bye.
Bye. Yeah. So, in this call, um I call uh not police non-emergency line to report, uh three hate crimes. It was actually four, but anyway. Um and so they put me on hold for about 40 minutes and then I realized, wait a second, I should be calling the hate crime unit. I call the hate crime unit. They uh talk to me for about 35 seconds. Uh I say I'm mentally ill and someone was spitting on me. It's a hate motivated crime and he's putting me through the 51 division without even listening to the report or anything that happened immediately because of my race and mental illness status. He puts me through to uh 51 division, which wasn't even the right division. It's it's the other side of the city. Uh I then get transferred by 51 division to 14 Division, my good old friends. 14 Division put me on hold for an hour and 5 minutes or so. And then I tried to report the hate motivated crime. Um the spitting on me because of my protected characteristics mental illness. Uh this happened three times in two weeks. The near most recent incident was today. And uh she uh the lady on the line um puts me through to wants to put me through to mental illness support services to to help me get a psychiatrist I already have and some hot meals during the day. I I wanted the hate crime unit to take the report. She considers it complete madness and puts me through to mental illness meals. And they'll take the report soon, sometime tonight.
Intelligence to be seen.
Hi. Uh, is this the right place to report a potential hate crime?
Um, where did it happen?
Uh, well, someone spit on me when I was walking to buy a suit today. I didn't see who it was, but it's probably because I'm mentally ill. And also, this has happened a few time in uh in the last week and a half. I've been spit on twice and one guy tried it a third time. And what does your mental being mentally ill have to do with the fact that you didn't see who did it?
I didn't say that.
You said you didn't see who did it. Who spit at you?
It was likely motivated by my mental illness because of my odd behavior. I didn't say it it was had anything to do with me not knowing who it was.
Oh, okay. So, where did it happen?
Uh It h it happened sometime on the way between King West and Moore's downtown uh around Young Street.
So Young and
uh I think it was it's close to King
Young and King. Okay, hang on.
Um but it could have been anywhere. I I didn't notice until I got to the suit store and I I was trying on suits and then I saw my shirt had spit all over it.
Okay. And okay, I'm gonna put you through 251 division. Okay, you can do a report with them. Hang on two seconds.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you for calling. Please wait while we transfer your call to the next avail.
Hello.
Hi. Sorry, one moment. Let me just sit down. Uh, I'd like to report four hate crimes. Uh, one of which was a threat to my life. The rest were spitting in I tried the hate crime unit, but they
I tried the hate crime unit, but they put me through to 51 division, which wasn't the right division. They put me through to you. So, how do I report the hate crime?
Okay. What is your phone number?
437432-9165.
What's your name?
Brendan Rose. And your address, Brandon?
11 Stanley Avenue, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. You likely have it on flot.
Is that an apartment or a house?
It's a house.
What's the closest major intersection?
I think King,
are you close to Lakeshore?
No.
Hello?
No. Hello.
Yep. Give me one moment. Just trying to locate you.
Yeah, that's fine. Is everything okay?
King and where? Sorry.
Near King and Tumpsy. T E C U M S E T H. I was unhappy because people are spitting on me because I'm mentally ill. Uh they spat on me in the last two weeks.
Close to King. You're close to king in Niagara, right?
I think so. So, I was upset because uh I was spit on twice because I'm mentally ill and an old man tried to do it a third time. I I don't know who did the first two cuz they kind of just do it and walk away. Uh but the old man uh he tried to and then I told him that uh spitting on someone is assault and he decided not to. Uh Um, and then the third one,
who are these people that are doing this?
What?
Who are these people?
Two of them. I wasn't sure. The one that happened today, I didn't see who did it. The one that was about a week and a half ago, I didn't see who did it. Uh, the old man who was threatening to spit on me. Uh, I I'm not sure if I'd recognize him if I saw him, but he lives around here. And the uh the fourth incident is a guy when I was leaving Shoppers Drug Mart, uh there was a guy across the road spinning around a staff like Don Hello and uh and he was using it basically to menace me. Uh I told I I told him that he was using that as a weapon and he got scared and dropped it and he started picking it up. I kept telling him why he shouldn't be menacing people with weapons and he kept dropping it. It was very it was almost comical but he was doing it to scare me because I'm mentally ill. I reported it to I tried to report it to the hat. Uh the incident with the most recent spinning incident happened today when I was going to Moore's suit store. Walking from King and Baurst to Moore's suit store at Young and uh King
and then uh the
Any weapons involved?
What?
Any weapons involved?
No. Well, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There was the guy with the stick. He had a a a big giant uh stick like Donatello and he was swinging it around to menace me. So, there was a weapon. Yeah, everyone around here's crazy. They all hate me because of my music mostly, but uh yeah, it's it's getting absurd now. Stuff like this happens every other day. I reported it to the hate crime division and uh I tried to at least he heard the word mental illness and just immediately transfer me to 51 division within within one minute. He didn't even listen to my report. Complete. Throw it in the garbage can. I thought mentally ill people had protection under the law. Still, are we excluded now, too? I'd actually appreciate an answer on that.
Definitely not excluded from the law. Okay. So, what's your name? You're Oh, sorry. You're Brandon, right?
Uh, I I I meant not the law. I meant uh the hate crime unit. Are we excluded from the hate crime unit if we're mentally ill? Is that
Absolutely not. Okay. Brandon, when is your birthday?
Why didn't he take the call seriously? Why did he just throw
I am not sure. I wasn't on the phone with you. I would have question. What's your birthday, Brandon?
April 29, 1985. Is it possible I could get the badge number of the the guy at the hate crime unit who I talked to? I might like to file an HR I don't know who you spoke to.
I have no idea who you spoke to. I wasn't on the call and I have no access to that information.
I see. Okay.
Okay. Give me one moment.
I would definitely like to follow to your complaint. It It's absurd. He He should have taken that call. He passed me off on to you, but then he didn't listen to my complaint. He didn't take any of it seriously. He just heard the word. mental illness and for some reason he is passing me off on to you in less than one minute.
Okay. All right, Brandon. So, just based on everything that you've shared with me, I think the best option here would be transferring you over to a service called Toronto Community Crisis Service.
You're going to call me with them, let them know.
That's your answer.
No, Brandon, that's not what's going to happen. Absolutely not. They're going to speak to you. They will be able to hear you out on all of your concerns and they'll be able to offer you some resources and maybe get you some assistance. send a unit out to see you if poss if
they will help you find
if it's required. They can send somebody out to see you.
Um and then yeah, they'll be offer they'll be better suited to offer you services.
When you say services, do you mean access to the hate crime unit for filing a report of a hate motivated crime? Uh spitting on someone is assault. It is a hate motivated assault.
Okay, Brandon, is it okay if I transfer you to TCC.
I'd prefer not to. I I got to just clarify what's going on here. Uh I don't see why I should be put through to a mental illness support line that will tell me where to get free food and uh and lodging. I have plenty of food and lodging. I'm living perfectly comfortably at home. My psychiatrist is happy with me mostly.
Okay.
There there's no mental crisis going on.
Brandon, this is the this is the issue. Okay. What you're explaining to me is not a hate crime. Um you don't know. You're just assuming that it's a hate crime, which It it could possibly be. I don't know. I'm not there. I don't experience it. So, it could be, but you're not. This is not what we would consider a hate crime.
If someone for a protective character
and it spit on you,
Brandon, are you going to let me talk to speak or did you just want to speak?
Okay. So, if somebody spit on you and there was actual contact made, then yes, that's assault. I can put a call up for you. But again, you're saying that this is something that happened weeks ago and somebody attempted to spit on you. Recently
it happened
because somebody attempted to
Yes. but didn't make contact. Correct.
There were three incidents of spitting in two weeks. Today it happened and it happened a week ago and a week and a half ago. So it happened
by different people, right?
Yes.
Okay.
When you spit on someone for a protected characteristic, that's a hate crime, right? Am I wrong? You're you're putting me through to
that is wrong. It's not
free food for mental illness.
No, this wouldn't be a hate crime and I am not going to if you don't want to be transferred to TCC and that's perfectly fine. I'm going to put a call up for you for
transfer me over to
No, it's fine. I'm going to put a call up for you. Okay, Brandon, what would you like to do? Do you want me to transfer you to PCCS or would you like officers to come and see you about being spit on?
I'd like officers to come and see me about being spit on so I can file a report. Okay, sounds good. I will get that up for you right now. Okay.
How when will they be here?
Officers will come out and see you. I wouldn't be able to tell you. It just depends on when a unit becomes available.
Um okay.
Okay.
Uh is everything okay? I mean, are are they are they are they going to take me away to a ward? Be honest.
Brenda, why would they why would they take you away?
There there have been many times when I've been taken to wards by police. It's
okay. Well, you haven't told me that you've done anything wrong.
So, I'm not sure why you would think police are going to take you away.
Because because I'm scared of you guys.
Okay. So, Brandon, this is this is why I said that I think
Okay, Brandon, listen to what I'm saying to you for a moment. Okay.
I'm trying to listen.
I know that you're scared. I know that you're scared. I can totally understand that. But that's why I think that TCCS might be the better option for you?
No, I have
because they will offer you resources coming out to see you. Mental health support.
I have all that.
Okay. So then I'm going to put the call up like I was saying for assault. Officers will come and see you when they become available. Okay.
Thank you.
You're very welcome. I'm going to disconnect the line now. Try to have a good night. Okay.
You too. I'm sorry that there was
All right.
It was The thing is, uh, you talk very fast. So, before I know it, I'm talking over you. I wasn't even trying to talk over you. It It's just
you you talk really fast. I didn't even notice until Yeah.
Okay.
It's perfectly fine. Don't worry. You don't need to be sorry. Okay. I've got this up for you. Officers will come out and speak with you as soon as they become available.
Okay. Thank you.
If anything changes, you can always give us a call back. All right. Uh,
yeah. If possible, could you guys come tomorrow instead of coming in the middle of the night? The only thing I can do for you right now is record all the information that you provided and you can call back in the morning and open it when you're ready to see officers. Do you want to do that?
Can you send them in the morning?
I can't send them in the morning. No, I can't do that for you. Only thing that I can do for you is put the call up, right? Sorry, put the call filed away right now and then you will call in the morning and let us know that you want to open it and you want officers to come out and see you.
Uh, why don't You just have them come whenever. I'll I'll stay up or something. Uh give give me a call before they arrive. Okay.
Okay, sounds good.
Thank you.
All right, Brandon. Good night.
Byebye.
Right now I that I need right now. I am swinging right now. Don't be scared. I'll be there with you. I'm right now hold your pain through the night. Thank you for calling the Toronto Police Service. If this is a call for an emergency, please hang up and dial 911. This is the Toronto Police non-emergency tool, an AI system that can help direct you. In one or two sentences, please tell me what you are calling about.
Someone spit on me.
Is this an emergency happening right now? Is anyone in immediate danger at this moment?
No.
It sounds like you're calling about assault. Is that correct?
Yes.
I'm connecting you to communications. Please hold while I transfer your call.
Thank you.
You have reached the Toronto Police Police communication center. All operators are busy assisting other callers. Your call will be answered by the next available operator. All operators are busy assisting other callers. If you are calling to have a parking enforcement officer dispatched, please be advised that for your convenience, parking complaints can be made online. The quickest and easiest way to file a parking complaint is online. Visit www.tps.ca/servicesline-reporting slashparking-complaint-access slash the right call gets you the right help. If you are calling with regards to mental health support, housing, child and family services, community programs, elder assistance, or new newcomer support, please hang up and dial 211. If you are calling with regards to city related services such as animal complaints or noise complaints, please hang up and dial 311. Police only respond to calls with potential safety issues or instances of criminality. Online reporting is the quickest and most convenient way to file multiple reports. If you are calling to report Neighborhood traffic issues, concerns or driving complaints, graffiti or theft of gas from a gas station, fraud under 5,000 or theft under 10,000, including theft from vehicles, damage to property, or vehicles under 5,000 that is not related to a collision. These reports can be made online. Please note that theft reports under $10,000 will be processed through online reporting. If If you are unable to report online, please remain on the line for an operator to assist you. For more information and online reporting, visit www.tbs.ca slashreport. Police officers are available to speak with you and provide advice or answer any questions you may have. They are equipped to assist over the phone with non-urgent matters such as neighbor disputes, harassment, and community engagement. If you would like to speak to an officer regarding a non-urgent police matter, find your local station at www.tbs.ca slmy-nighborhood slash. The phone number for each division is 416808x00 0. For example, 42 division would be 41680842 0. Please note that police do not take reports for the following. Lost property, lost Canadian passports, or lost identification. Please call Service Canada at 1 800622 6232. Lost international passports must be reported in person at your local police station. All operators are busy assisting other callers. The next available operator will assist you. You have reached the Toronto Police Communications Center. All operators are busy assisting other callers. Your call will be answered by the next available operator. All operators are busy assisting other callers. If you are calling to have a parking enforcement officer dispatched. Please be advised that for your convenience, parking complaints can be made online. The quickest and easiest way to file a parking complaint is online. Visit www.tps.ca/servicesline-reporting slashparking-complaint-access slash The right call gets you the right help. If you are calling with regards to mental health support, housing, child and family services, community programs, elder assistance, or newcomer support, please hang up and dial 211. If you are calling with regards to city related services such as animal complaints or noise complaints, please hang up and dial 311. Police only respond to calls with potential safety issues or instances of criminality. Online reporting is the quickest and most convenient way to file multiple reports. If you are calling to report neighborhood traffic issues, concerns, or driving complaints, graffiti or theft of gas from a gas station, fraud under 5,000, or theft under 10,000, including theft from vehicles, damage to property, or vehicles under 5,000, 000 that is not related to a collision. These reports can be made online. Please note that theft reports under $10,000 will be processed through online reporting. If you are unable to report online, please remain on the line for an operator to assist you. For more information and online reporting, visit www.tbs.ca/report. Police officer ers are available to speak with you and provide advice or answer any questions you may have. They're equipped to assist over the phone with non-urgent matters such as neighbor disputes, harassment, and community engagement. If you would like to speak to an officer regarding a non-urgent police matter, find your local station at www.tpbs.ca slmy-nighborhood. forward slash. The phone number for each division is 416808x 0. For example, 42 division would be 41684200 0. Please note that police do not take reports for the following. Lost property, lost Canadian passports, or lost identification. Please call Service Canada. ADA at 1 800622 6232. Lost international passports must be reported in person at your local police station. All operators are busy assisting other callers. The next available operator will assist you. You have reached the Toronto Police Communication Center. All operators are busy assisting other callers. Your call will be answered by the next available operator. All operators are busy assisting other callers. If you are calling to have a parking enforcement officer dispatched, please be advised that for your convenience, parking complaints can be made online. The quickest and easiest way to file a parking complaint is online. Visit www.tps.ca. SLservices slashonline-reporting slparking-complaint dash access slash the right call gets you the right help. If you are calling with regards to mental health support, housing, child and family services, community programs, elder assistance, or newcomer support, please hang up and dial 211. If you are calling with regards to city related services such as animal complaints or noise complaints, please hang up and dial 311. Police only respond to calls with potential safety issues or instances of criminality. Online reporting is the quickest and most convenient way to file multiple reports. If you are calling to report neighborhood traffic issues, concerns, or driving complaints, graffiti, or theft of gas from a gas station, fraud under 5,000 or theft under 10,000, including theft from vehicles, damage to property, or vehicles under 5,000 that is not related to a collision. These reports can be made online. Please note that theft reports under $10,000 will be processed through online reporting. If you are unable to report online, please remain on the line for an operator to assist you. For more information and online reporting, visit www.tbs.ca slashreport. Police officers are available to speak with you and provide advice or answer any questions you may have. They are equipped to assist over the phone with non-urgent matters such as neighbor disputes, harassment, and community engagement. If you would like to speak to an officer regarding a non-urgent police matter. Find your local station at www.tbs.ca/my-neighborhood slash. The phone number for each division is 416808x 0. For example, 42 division would be 416 8084200 0. Please note that police do not take reports for the following lost property, lost Canadian passports, or lost identification. Please call Service Canada at 1 8006226232. Lost international passports must be reported in person at your local police station. All operators are are busy assisting other callers. The next available operator will assist you. You have reached the Toronto Police Communications Center. All operators are busy assisting other callers. Your call will be answered by the next available operator. All operators are busy assisting other callers. If you are calling to have a parking enforcement officer dispatched, please be advised that for your convenience, Parking complaints can be made online. The quickest and easiest way to file a parking complaint is online. Visit www.ppps.ca slashservicesward slashonline-reporting slparking-complaint-access slash. The right call gets you the right help. If you are calling with regards to mental health, support, housing, child and family services, community programs, elder assistance, or newcomer support, please hang up and dial 211. If you are calling with regards to city related services such as animal complaints or noise complaints, please hang up and dial 311. Police only respond to calls with potential safety issues or instances of criminality. Online reporting is the quickest and most convenient way to file multiple reports. If you are calling to report neighborhood traffic issues, concerns, or driving complaints, graffiti or theft of gas from a gas station, fraud under 5,000, or theft under 10,000, including theft from vehicles, damage to property, or vehicles under 5,000 that is not related to a collision. These reports can be made online. Please note that theft reports under $10,000 will be processed through online reporting. If you are unable to report online, please remain on the line for an operator to assist you. For more information and online reporting, visit www.pbs.ca/report. Police officers are available to speak with you and provide advice or answer any questions you may have. They are equipped to assist over the phone with non-urgent matters such as neighbor disputes, harassment, and community engagement. If you would like to speak to an officer regarding a non-urgent police matter, find your local station at www.tbs.ca- neighborhood slash. The phone number for each division is 416 808 xx 0. For example, 42 division would be 416808 42 0 0. Please note that police do not take reports for the following. Lost property, lost Canadian passports, or lost identification. Please call Service Canada at 1 800622 623. Two, lost international passports must be reported in person at your local police station. All operators are busy assisting other callers. The next available operator will assist you. You have reached the Toronto Police Communications Center. All operators are busy assisting other callers. Your call will be answered by the next available operator. Please hurry up.
All operators are busy assisting other callers. If you are calling to have a parking enforcement officer dispatched, please be advised that for your convenience, parking complaints can be made online. The quickest and easiest way to file a parking complaint is online. Visit www.tps.ca slservicesline-reporting. ward slashparking-complaint-access slash The right call gets you the right help. If you are calling with regards to mental health support, housing, child and family services, community programs, elder assistance, or newcomer support, please hang up and dial 211. If you are calling with regards to city related services such as animal complaints, or noise complaints, please hang up and dial 311. Police only respond to calls with potential safety issues or instances of criminality. Online reporting is the quickest and most convenient way to file multiple reports. If you are calling to report neighborhood traffic issues, concerns or driving complaints, graffiti or theft of gas from a gas station, fraud under 5,000, or theft under 10,000, including theft from vehicles, damage to property, or vehicles under 5,000 that is not related to a collision. These reports can be made online. Please note that theft reports under $10,000 will be processed through online reporting. If you are unable to report online, please remain on the line for an operator to assist you. For more information and online reporting, visit ww w.tbs.ca/report. Police officers are available to speak with you and provide advice or answer any questions you may have. They are equipped to assist over the phone with non-urgent matters such as neighbor disputes, harassment, and community engagement. If you would like to speak to an officer regarding a non-urgent police matter, find your local station at www. tpbs.ca slmy-nneighborhood slash. The phone number for each division is 416808x 0. For example, 42 division would be 41684200 0. Please note that police do not take reports for the following. lost property, lost Canadian passports, or lost identification, please call Service Canada at 1 8006226232. Lost international passports must be reported in person at your local police station. All operators are busy assisting other callers. The next available operator will assist you. feeling. Louise. You have reached the Toronto Police Communications Center. All operators are busy assisting other callers. Your call will be answered by the next available operator. All operators are busy assisting other callers. If you are calling to have a parking enforcement officer dispatched, please be advised that for your convenience, parking complaints can be made online. The quickest and easiest way to file a park complaint is online. Visit www.tps.ca/servicesward slashonline-reporting slashparking-complaint-access slash the right call gets you the right help. If you are calling with regards to mental health support, housing, child and family services, community programs, Elder assistance or newcomer support, please hang up and dial 211. If you are calling with regards to city related services such as animal complaints or noise complaints, please hang up and dial 311. Police only respond to calls with potential safety issues or instances of criminality. Online reporting is the quickest and most convenient way to file multiple reports. If you are calling to report neighborhood traffic issue concerns or traffic or gas from the gas station under 5,000 or 10,000 including vehicle damage to property,000 related online $10,000 will report. Visit www.pbs.ca. Police officers are available to speak with you and provide advice or answer any questions you may have. They are equipped to assist with nonurgent matters. such as harassment and community. Find your localization at www.pds.ca- neighborhood. The phone number for each division is 4168 x2. 416 lost property lost Canadian passport identificational password must be reported in at your local station. The next operator You have reached all operators are busy assisting other callers. Your calls will be answered by the next operator. All operators are dispatched. Parking can be made online. The quickest and easiest way to file a parking complaint is online. Visit www.ppps.caservicesline-reportingward slashparking- complaint dash. corporate funding the right support services community assistance or newcomer support please hang up and dial 211. If you are calling with regards to city related services such as animal complaints or noise complaints, please hang up and dial 311. Police only respond to calls with potential safety issues or instances of criminality. Online reporting is the quickest and most convenient way to file multiple reports. If you are calling to report neighborhood traffic issues, concerns, or driving complaints, graffiti or theft of gas from a gas station, fraud under 5,000, or theft under 10,000, including theft from vehicles, damage to property or vehicles under 5,000 that is not related to a collision. These reports can be made online. Please note that theft reports under $10,000 will be processed through online reporting. If you are unable to report online, please remain on the line for an operator to assist you. For more information and online reporting, visit www.tbs.ca/ report. Police officers are available to speak with you and provide advice or answer any questions you may have. They are equipped to assist over the phone with non-urgent matters such as neighbor disputes, harassment, and community engagement. If you would like to speak to an officer regarding a non-urgent police matter, find your local station at www.tbs.ca/my I dash neighborhood slash. The phone number for each division is 416808 xx 0. For example, 42 division would be 4168842 0. Please note that police do not take reports for the following. Lost property, lost Canadian passports, or lost identification. Please call Service Canada at 1 8006226232. Lost international passports must be reported in person at your local police station. All operators are busy assisting other callers. The next available operator will assist you. You have reached the Toronto Police Communications Center. All operators are busy assisting other callers. Your call will be answered by the next available operator. All operators are busy assisting other callers. If you are calling to have a parking enforcement officer dispatched, please be advised that for your convenience, parking complaints can be made online. The quickest and easiest way to file a parking complaint is online. Visit www.tps s.ca slservicesward slonline-reporting slparking-complaint dash access forward slash the right call gets you the right help. If you are calling with regards to mental health support, housing, child and family services, community programs, elder assistance, or newcomer support, please hang up and 211. If you are calling with regards to city related services such as animal complaints or noise complaints, please hang up and dial 311. Police only respond to calls with potential safety issues or instances of criminality. Online reporting is the quickest and most convenient way to file multiple reports. If you are calling to report neighborhood traffic issues, concerns, or driving complaints, graffiti or theft of gas from a gas station, fraud under 5,000 or theft under 10,000, including theft from vehicles, damage to property, or vehicles under 5,000 that is not related to a collision. These reports can be made online. Please note that theft reports under $10,000 will be processed through online reporting. If you are unable to report online, please remain on the line for an operator to assist you. For more information and online reporting, visit www.tpbs.ca slashreport. Police officers are available to speak with you and provide advice or answer any questions you may have. They are equipped to assist over the phone with non-urgent matters such as neighbor disputes, harassment, and community engagement. If you would like to speak to an officer regarding a non-urgent police matter, find your local station at www.tbs.ca/my-neighborhood slash. The phone number for each division is 416808x00 0. For example, 42 division would be 416808 42 0. Please note that police do not take reports for the following. Lost property, lost Canadian passports, or lost identification. Please call Service Canada at 1 800622-6232. Lost international passports must be reported in person at your local police station. All operators are busy assisting other callers. The next available operator will assist you. You have reached the Toronto Police Communication Center. All operators are busy assisting other callers. Your call will be answered by the next available operator. All operators are busy assisting other callers. If you are calling to have a parking enforcement officer dispatched, Please be advised that for your convenience, parking complaints can be made online. The quickest and easiest way to file a parking complaint is online. Visit www.tps.ca slservicesline-reporting slparking-complaint-ac. The right call gets you the right help. If you are calling with regards to mental health support, housing, child and family services, community programs, elder assistance, or newcomer support, please hang up and dial 211. If you are calling with regards to city related services such as animal complaints or noise complaints, please hang up and dial 311. Police only respond to calls with potential safety issues or instances of criminality. Online reporting is the quickest and most convenient way to file multiple reports. If you are calling to report neighborhood traffic issues, concerns or driving complaints, graffiti or theft of gas from a gas station, fraud under 5,000, or theft under 10,000, including theft from vehicles, damage to property, or vehicles under 5,000 that is not related to a collision. These reports can be made online. Please note that theft reports under $10,000 will be processed through online reporting. If you are unable to report online, please remain on the line for an operator to assist you. For more information and online reporting, visit www.pbs.ca/report. Police officers are available to speak with you and provide advice or answer any questions you may have. They are equipped to assist over the phone with non-urgent matters such as neighbor disputes, harassment, and community engagement. If you would like to speak to an officer regarding a non-urgent police matter, find your local station at www.tbs.ca slmy-nighborhood slash the phone number for for each division is 4168 xx 0. For example, 42 division would be 41684200 0.
Please note that police do not take reports for the following lost property, lost Canadian passports, or lost identification. Please call Service Canada at 1 80062 22 6232. Lost international passports must be reported in person at your local police station.
All operators are busy assisting other callers. The next available operator will assist you. Good. This is the right.
You have reached the Toronto Police Communications Center. All operators are busy assisting other callers. Your call will be answered by the next available operator.
Man, I've been on for 40 minutes. I wonder why.
All operators are busy assisting other callers. If you are calling to have a parking enforcement officer dispatched, please be advised that for your convenience, parking complaints can be made online. The quickest and easiest way to file a parking complaint is online. Visit www.tps.ca/services/ online-reporting slashparking-complaint-access slash The right call gets you the right help. If you are calling with regards to mental health support, housing, child and family services, community programs, elder assistance, or newcomer support, please hang up and dial 211. If you are calling with regards to city related services such as animal complaints or noise complaints, please hang up and dial 311. Police only respond to calls with potential safety issues or instances of criminality. Online reporting is the quickest and most convenient way to file multiple reports. If you are calling to report neighborhood traffic issues, concerns or driving complaints, graffiti, or theft of gas from a gas station, fraud under 5,000 or theft under 10,000, including theft from vehicles, damage to property, or vehicles under 5,000 that is not related to a collision. These reports can be made online. Please note that theft reports under $10,000 will be processed through online reporting. If you are unable to report online, please remain on the line for an operator to assist you. For more information and online reporting, visit www.tbs.ca/report. Police officers are available to speak with you and provide advice or answer any questions you may have. They are equipped to assist over the phone with non-urgent matters such as neighbor disputes, harassment, and community engagement. If you would like to speak to an officer regarding a non-urgent police matter, find your local station at www.tpbs.ca/my- neighborhood slash. The phone number for each division is 416808x0000. For example, 42 division would be 4168084200 0. Please note that police do not not take reports for the following lost property, lost Canadian passports or lost identification. Please call Service Canada at 1 800622 6232. Lost international passports must be reported in person at your local police station. All operators are busy assisting other callers. The Next available operator will assist you. You have reached the Toronto Police Communications Center. All operators are busy assisting other callers. Your call will be answered by the next available operator. All operators are busy assisting other callers. If you are calling to have a parking enforcement officer dispatched, please be advised that for your convenience, parking complaints can be made online. The quickest and easiest way to file a parking complaint is online.
Hi. Uh, is this the right place to report a potential hate crime? Um, where did it happen?
Uh, well, someone spit on me when I was walking to buy a suit today. I didn't see who it was, but it's probably because I'm mentally ill. And also, this has happened a few time in uh in the last week and a half. I've been spit on twice and one guy tried it a third time.
And what does your mentally ill have to do with the fact that you did Didn't see who did it.
I didn't say that.
You said you didn't see who did it. Who spit at you?
It was likely motivated by my mental illness because of my odd behavior. I didn't say it it was had anything to do with me not knowing who it was.
Oh, okay. So, where did it happen?
Uh, it h it happened sometime on the way between West and Moors downtown uh around Young Street.
So Young and
uh I think it was it's close to King
Young and King. Okay, hang on.
Um but it could have been anywhere. I I didn't notice until I got to the suit store and I I was trying on suits and then I saw my shirt had spit all over it.
Okay. Okay, I'm going to put you through 251 division. Okay, you can do a report with them. Hang on two seconds.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you for calling. Please wait while we transfer your call to the next available.
If this is an emergency, please hang up and call 911 immediately. You have reached the Toronto Police Service 51 Division. Please be aware of recent reports involving fraudulent phone calls. Members of the public have received call calls from individuals claiming to be Toronto police officers and asking to verify personal information. These callers may appear to be calling from 416 8085100 which is the correct phone number for 51 division. In some cases they have left messages asking people to return the call to this number.
These calls are not from the Toronto Police Service. If you received a call from someone claiming to be a police officer. Ask for their name and badge number. Then hang up and call the police directly to confirm the legitimacy of the call. To speak with 51 division front desk, press zero now.
51 Division front desk.
Hi, I'd like to report a potential hate motivated crime. Um uh I'm mentally ill and someone spit on me. It's actually happened twice in the last week and a half. And also a third guy tried it but didn't.
Where where do you live?
I live around King West and uh King Street West and uh near uh near Stanley Avenue
near King Street West and Stanley Avenue.
Yeah.
Okay. What I would recommend doing is you could either call the non-emergency line or you could attend uh I believe it's 52 or 14 division in person
to report the incident.
They I was directed to you guys. They Yeah,
I tried the uh the hate motivated incident report thing and uh they they said call you. Uh is it outside your jurisdiction or something?
Who told who said to call us?
Uh the hate crime unit.
Okay. They they if you're at King Street West and Stanley, that's not even 51 Division.
Yeah. Uh
I can't take a report over the phone.
I I I'm not I wasn't suggesting a report over the phone. I can report in in person when you get here.
Yeah.
Um but the thing is uh it it happened around somewhere between the the most recent incident. Uh I I didn't see it until I got to Moore shoots suit store. Um I was walking from my home around King West.
You don't I would recommend You don't have to tell me. I would just recommend calling the non-emergency line to have units attend or you could attend one of the uh either you said King Street West and Stanley.
Yeah,
King Street
West.
I think it's cuz I'm mentally ill. I not even think it was. They They've been doing this a lot. A week and a half ago, someone spit on me when I'm walking around King West and then on the way to Mo's suit store somewhere. I didn't see it until I bought the suit and then I checked my clothes.
14 division. Okay.
14 division. Okay.
Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Okay.
Thank you.
Take care. Okay. If this is an emergency, please hang up and call 911 immediately. We have reached the Toronto Police Service 14 Division. Please be aware of recent reports involving fraudulent phone calls. Members of the public have received calls from individuals claiming to be Toronto police officers and asking to verify personal information. These callers may appear to be calling from 41681400 which is the correct phone number for 14 division. In some cases, they have left messages asking people to return the call to this number. These calls are not not from the Toronto Police Service. If you received a call from someone claiming to be a police officer, ask for their name and badge number, then hang up and call the police directly to confirm the legitimacy of the call. To speak with 14 division front desk, please press zero now.
Wait while I transfer your call.
148 I I called the hate crime unit and they put me through to uh I think it was 51 division, but then they said that I should call 14 division.
Okay.
Okay. So, uh some guy spit on me. I don't know who spit on me. Uh it's happened twice in the last two weeks and one guy tried it a third time. It's because I'm mentally ill. End of story.
Do you know who this person is? You said you don't know me.
I I didn't see who they were, but it it's just nobody like hates me cuz I'm mentally ill. Everyone hates me and now they've started spinning on me a lot. They they do it with surreptitiously when I'm not looking. They spin on me and then they walk away. I don't even know who does it most of the time except the old guy. I know he he was trying to he was he was getting ready and I I I got him to stop.
So So you call 50 51 division and then they asked you to call us.
Yeah, it's because it was uh it happens. I was walking from uh King West to Moore's suit store at Young and King. And uh basically the when I was trying on my suits, I checked my shirt as I was about to try it on and there's a big pile of spit in my chest. Uh so someone spit on me again and it I'm visibly mentally ill. I I I look weird and awkward and bizarre. This is why they did it.
Uh and what what would you what are you looking for? Like what's the ide?
I'd like to file a police report. Can you come? talk to me.
Okay. So, the way that works, uh, the divisions here don't dispatch police officers.
Uh, it's all done through our dispatcher through our communications.
So, I can transfer you to our communications if you'd like.
Thank you.
All right. One second.
Thank you for calling. Please wait while we transfer your call to the next available representative.
Toronto Police Service.
Hi, this is a call for an emergency. Please hang up and dial 911. This is the Toronto Police non-emergency tool. an AI system that can help direct you in one or two. Please tell me what you are calling about.
Somebody spit on me in a hate motivated incident. Mental illness.
Is this an emergency happening right now? No.
Is anyone in immediate danger at this moment?
No.
It sounds like you're calling about assault. Is that correct?
Hate motivated assault.
It sounds like you're calling about reporting a crime or incident. Is that correct?
Yes. I need someone to come take a report.
Can you briefly describe the crime or incident you are calling to report?
Someone spit on me because I'm mentally ill. It also happened a week and a half ago and someone tried a third time.
Please hold while I transfer you to the appropriate personnel. I am connecting you to communications.
Please hold while I transfer your call.
You have reached the Toronto Police Communication Center. All operators are busy assisting other callers. Your call will be answered by the next available operator. All operators are busy assisting other callers. If you are calling to have a parking enforcement officer dispatched, please be advised that for your convenience, parking complaints can be made online. The quickest and easiest way to file a parking complaint is online. Visit www.tps CA slservices slashonline-reporting slparking-complaint dash access forward slash the right call gets you the right help. If you are calling with regards to mental health support, housing, child and family services, community programs, elder assistance, or newcomer support, please hang up and dial 211. If you are calling with regards to city related services such as animal complaints or noise complaints, please hang up and dial 311. Police only respond to calls with potential safety issues or instances of criminality. Online reporting is the quickest and most convenient way to file multiple reports. If you are calling to report neighborhood traffic issues, concerns, or Dragon complaint, graffiti or theft of gas from a gas station, fraud under 5,000 or theft under 10,000, including theft from vehicles, damage to property, or vehicles under 5,000 that is not related to a collision. These reports can be made online. Please note that theft reports under $10,000 will be processed through online reporting. If you are unable to report online, please remain on on the line for an operator to assist you. For more information and online reporting, visit
is mental illness pbs.ca.
Is that still report?
Police officers are available to speak with you and provide advice and answer any questions you may have.
They are equipped to assist over the phone with non-urgent matters such as neighbor disputes, harassment, and community.
Looks like the hate car just put me off. you would like to speak to an officer regarding a non-urgw.tbs.ca/my-neighborhood slash. The phone number for each division is 416808x00. For example, 42 division would be 416 808 42 0. Please note that police do not take reports for the following. Lost property, lost Canadian passport, or lost identification. Please call Service Canada at 1 800622 6232. Lost international passport must be reported in person at your local police station. All operators are busy assisting other callers. The next available operator will assist you.
Why did the hate crime unit just transfer me away? I know. But no, I am protected still. Does that mean you don't take meal all this stuff too.
You have reached the Toronto Police Communications Center. All operators are busy assisting other callers. Your call will be answered by the next available operator. All operators are busy assisting other callers. If you are calling to have a parking enforcement officer dispatched, please Be advised that for your convenience, parking complaints can be made online. The quickest and easiest way to file a parking complaint is online. Visit www.tps.ca slashservicesline-reporting slparking-complaint-ac. The right call gets you the right help. If you are calling with regards to mental health support, housing, child and family services, community programs, elder assistance, or newcomer support, please hang up and dial 211. If you are calling with regards to city related services such as animal complaints or noise complaints, please hang up and dial 311. Police only respond to calls with potential safety issues or instances of criminality. Online reporting is the quickest and most convenient way to file multiple reports. If you are calling to report neighborhood traffic issues, concern or driving complaint, graffiti or theft of gas from a gas station, fraud under 5,000, or theft under 10,000, including theft from vehicles, damage to property, or vehicles under 5,000 that is not related to a collision. These reports can be made online.
Did they just throw away reports by reports under $10,000 for online reporting?
Even in juris unable to report online, please remain on the line for an operator to assist you.
We're supposed to be for more information and online that call to
visit www.tbs.ca.
Police officers are available to speak with you and provide advice. or answer any questions you may have.
I told them I was spit on.
They're equipped to assist over the phone because matters such as neighbor dispute.
Why did they throw that away?
And community engagement. If you would like to speak to an officer regarding a non-urgent police matter, find your local station at www.tbs.ca/my-neighborhood slash. The phone number for each division is 41.
Admittedly, I don't have a specific I do have a specific the second incident
for example
I may not haveision would be a picture of him but
it was the old man
42. Please note that police do not take reports for the following lost property
lost Canadian people identific 6232.
You just want to rush your national passport must be reported in person at your local police station.
All operators are busy assisting other callers. The next available operator will assist you. You have reached the Toronto Police Communication Center. All operators are busy assisting other callers. Your call will be answered by the next available oper. operator. All operators are busy assisting other callers. If you are calling to have a parking enforcement officer dispatched, please be advised that for your convenience, parking complaints can be made online. The quickest and easiest way to file a parking complaint is online. Visit www.tps.ca slashservicesward slash online-reporting slashparking-complaint-access slash The right calls gets you the right help. If you are calling with regards to mental health support, housing, child and family services, community programs, elder assistance, or newcomer support, please hang up and dial 211. If you are calling with regard to city related services, such as animal complaints or noise complaints, please hang up and dial 311. Police only respond to calls with potential safety issues or instances of criminality.
There's that.
Online reporting is the quickest and most convenient way to file multiple reports.
If you are calling to report right now, why is the hate crime division doing this?
Complaint, graffiti, or theft of gas from a gas station. fraud under 5,000 or theft under 10,000 including theft from vehicles, damage to property, or vehicles under 5,000 that is not related to a collision. These reports can be made online. Please note that theft reports under $10,000 will be processed through online reporting. If you are unable to report online, please remain on the line for an operator to assist you. For more information and online reporting, Visit www.tbs.ca/report. Police officers are available to speak with you and provide advice or answer any questions you may have. They are equipped to assist over the phone with non-urgent matters such as neighbor disputes, harassment, and community engagement.
If you would like to speak to an officer regarding a nonurgent police matter, from my www
and put me through 51.ca
interaction took a minute
neighborhood
waiting forever
the phone number for each division is 4168
that's because of my mental illness
for example
he did not take it seriously because it's 416
a guy like me reporting mental illness
that's why that police do not That's what I'm talking right now.
Lost property lost Canadian
on hold with 14 division
identification. Please call Service Canada at 1 800 622 6232. Lost international passports must be reported in person at your local police station. All operators are busy assisting other callers. The next He gave no reason why he was transferring me. He said it was 51 division. He gave no reason why it's not a hate crime. It is. We're still protected. Mentally ill people are still protected. We're one of the groups that still gets help. End of story. Why? Why is this happening? I know what's happening. It's obvious. You have reached the Toronto Police Communication Center. All operators are busy assisting other callers. Your call will be answered by the next available operator. All operators are busy assisting other callers. If you are calling to have a parking enforcement officer dispatched, please be advised that for your occurrence number The quickest and easiest way to file a parking complaint is
Don't let me forget it.
Visit www.tps.ca slashservices online-
either a lot of static or you're slarking-complaint- slash the right call gets you the right help. If you are calling with regards to mental health support, housing, child and family services, community programs, elder assistance, or newcomer support, please hang up and dial 211. If you are calling with regards to city related services such as animal complaints, get their badge number.
Please hang up and hear my voice. Here's the word mental illness. Oh, okay. Goodbye.
Badge number didn't even say hello.
Online reporting is the quickest and most conven ient way to file multiple reports. If you are calling to report neighborhood traffic issues, concerns or driving complaints, graffiti or theft of gas from a gas station, fraud under 5,000, or theft under 10,000, including theft from vehicles, damage to property, or vehicles under 5,000 that is not related to a collision. These reports can be made online. Please note that theft reports under $10,000 will be processed through online reporting. If you are unable to report online, please remain on the line for an operator to assist you. For more information and online reporting, visit www.tbs.ca/report. Police officers are available to speak with you and provide advice or answer any questions you may have. They are equipped to assist over the phone. with non-urgent matters such as neighbor disputes, harassment, and community engagement. If you would like to speak to an officer regarding a non-urgent police matter, find your local station at www.tbs.ca slmy-nighborhood slash. The phone number for each division is 4168X. 0. For example, 42 division would be 416 80842 0.
Please note that police do not take reports for the following. Lost property,
lost Canadian passport or lost identification. Please call Service Canada at 18002.
This makes sense.
6232.
Lost international passport. must be reported in person at your local police station.
It's just discrimination.
All operators are busy assisting other callers. The next available operator will assist you.
Yeah. Um, are you going to put me on for another 40 minutes waiting for this?
I really need to file the uh report and get a copy of the report. If possible, can I get the badge numbers of the hate crime unit to talk to me?
I was not entirely satisfied with his service.
You have reached the Toronto Police Communication Center.
Oh my god.
All operators are busy assisting other callers. Your call will be answered by these messages fresh every time. All operators are busy assisting other callers. If you are calling to have a parking enforcement officer dispatched, please be advised that for your convenience, parking complaints can be made online. The quickest and easiest way to file a parking complaint is online. Visit www.tps.ca/services/online-reporting slashparking- complaint dash accessward slash the right call gets you the right help. If you are calling with regards to mental health support,
housing,
child and family services,
community programs,
elder assistance,
or newcomer support, please hang up and dial 211.
If you are calling with regards to city related services such as animal complaints, file a report, please and dial 311. Police only respond to calls with potential safety issues or instances of criminality. Online reporting is the biggest and most convenient. Okay, we're transferring you. Goodbye.
If you are calling to report neighborhood traffic issues, concerns or driving complaint,
graffiti or from a gas station,
guaranteed
fraud under 5,000 or theft under 10,000, including theft damage to property or vehicles under 5,000 that is not related to a collision. These reports can be made online. Please note that theft reports under $10,000 will be online for 40 minutes.
If you are unable to report online, please remain on the line for an operator to assist you.
For more information, you cannot help me at all.
Visit wwern.tpbs. CA picked up in seconds and hung up in seconds.
It's a guy like this who or answer any question.
They're equipped to assist over the phone.
All of one minute
such as neighbor disputes harassment.
There's no wait time.
So easy to contact.
If you would like to speak to an officer regarding a non-urg.ca and you discriminate routinely against my mental illness neighborhood slash. The phone number for each division is 4168 xx 0. For example, 42 division would be 4168.
There are two cases of the htto.
Wrong.
Please note that police do not take reports.
By the end of today, there will be three.
Lost property, lost Canadian pass. report or lost identification, please call Service Canada at 1 8006226232. Lost international passports must be reported in person at your local police station. All operators are busy assisting other callers. The next available operator will assist you. Since hate crime unit apparently doesn't take reports seriously anyway, slash their budget and give it to 14 division and 51. You guys need it. These calls take forever.
You have reached the Toronto Police Communic I can't.
All operators are busy assisting other callers.
Your call operator.
This is why I never liked you. This is why I was never happy with your service.
All operators are busy assisting.
You have never done one thing to help in my entire life.
Other than come when my wife and I were having a dispute,
take her away and charge her while I begged you not to, and ruin my family forever to file a parking. That's the only time you have ever acted on a call. W meaningful way TPS
Oh, guy's got a problem with his wife. Take her away. Destroy the family. He has a baby. Never meet him again.
Reporting forward/
Yeah, you destroyed my family. Very happy.
Complaint access
eagerly as I begged you not to.
The right call you just ignored.
If you are calling with regard to mental health support,
housing, child and family services, community programs, elder assistance, or newcomer support, report, please hang up and dial 211. If you are calling with regards to city related services such as animal complaints or noise complaints, please hang up and dial 311. Police only respond to calls with potential safety issues or instances of criminality. Online reporting is the quickest and most convenient way to file multiple reports. If you are calling to report neighborhood traffic traffic issues, concern or driving complaint, graffiti or theft of gas from a gas station,
fraud under 5,000, or theft under 10,000, including theft from vehicles, damage to property, or vehicles under 5,000 that is not related to a collision. These reports can be made online. Please note that theft reports under $10,000 will be processed through online reporting. If you are un able to report online, please remain on the line for an operator to assist you. For more information and online reporting, visit www.tbs.ca slashreport. Police officers are available to speak with you and provide advice or answer any questions you may have. They are equipped to assist over the phone with non-urgent matters such as neighbor disputes, harassment, and community engagement. If you would like to speak to an officer regarding a non-urgent police matter, find your local station at www.tpbs.ca slmy-nighborhood slash. The phone number for each division is 416808x 0. For example, 42 division would be 41 68.
You made me wait forever then, too.
42.
I should have had a sense not to try to kill me with
Do not take reports for the following.
I thought that was a bad
lost property.
Actually, I was Canadian
or lost identification.
Please call Service Canada at 1 800622.
I understand you got a rule that says if if there's a dispute between a husband and wife, separate them instantly. No contact at your local police station.
End the relationship. You should honestly have some degree of common sense
and not do that in situations when it's obviously stupid.
The next available operator
that should be written into the law. Do not separate the family in instances when it's completely stupid. If the guy is crying, begging you not to charge, you're insane. You're insane.
There's one thing. It's a guy who's been attacked by his wife.
Hello.
You have reached the Toronto Police Communication Center.
Yeah, a guy who's been attacked by his wife.
Maybe he should man.
Your call will be answered by the next available operator.
But also, if the guy who's been attacked by his wife has realized it's an insanely bad mistake and is crying, begging you don't charge her.
If you are calling to have a park, Officer dispatched. Please be advised that
there should be a rule that says complaint.
General common sense applies. Of course,
the easiest way to file then you're not lunatic.
Visit www.tps.ca.
Well, I've been told I've never met online parkinglac slash the Right call gets you the right help. If you are calling with regards to mental health support, housing, child and family services, community programs, elder assistance, or newcomer support, please hang up and dial 211. If you are calling with regards to city related services such as animal complaint,
I know you stand by every word.
Please hang up and dial 311.
Give me the transcript and write HTO. issues or criminality. Online reporting is the quickest and most convenient way to file multiple reports. If you are calling to report neighborhood traffic issues,
the only thing I do is mention
or driving complaint,
graffiti or theft of gas,000 immediately punish theft under 10,000 including theft from vehicles.
Why bother?
Damage to property or vehicles under 5,000. that is not related to a collision. These reports can be made online. Please note that theft reports under $10,000 will be processed through online.
If you are unable to report online, please remain on the line for an operator to assist you. For more information and online reporting, visit www.pbs.ca.
There are too many are available to speak with you and provide advice or answer any questions you may have. They are equipped to assist over the phone with non-urgent matters
such as neighbor disputes
and community engagement.
If you would like to speak to an officer regarding a non-urgent police matter, find your local station at www.pbs.ca.
I want you to just come to my house my- neighborhood
and then we can explain Why? This is not a hate crime.
The phone number for each division is 416.
And why it probably doesn't even mention the words
xx 0. For example, 42 division would be 416 808 42 0. Please note that police do not take reports for the following. Lost property, lost Canadian passport, or lost identification. Please call Service Canada. at 1 800622-6232. Lost international passports must be reported in person at your local police station.
All operators are busy assisting other callers. The next available to take me off hold eventually. Okay. So, we'll be filing against the hate crime unit. Oh, hello.
You have reached the Toronto Police Communication Center.
All operators are busy assisting other callers.
It has the will be answering someone taking your call and then you hear this again.
It sounds exactly busy assisting other callers.
No, the hate crime unit.
They're ready and willing to throw me out in one minute because I uh
parking complaints can be made online. The quickest and easiest way to file a parking complaint is online.
Visit www.tps.ca/ servicesward slashonline-reportingward slparking take this one seriously accessward slash
the right call gets you the right help
if you are calling with regards to mental health support
it to get the confirmation
community program
elder assistance
sorry you did it
or newcomer support
look at what they're doing
and dial 211
look at the priorities with regards to city related.
Look how quickly he dismissed it.
Such as animal complaint.
I said mental illness. He hangs up the call 51 division.
He didn't even put me through the 14 division which would have made sense. He put me through the 51 division cuz he's not listening.
Instances of criminality.
He doesn't care at all about the call. It's mental illness and uh and a guy like me to file multiple reports.
Exactly.
Calling to report neighborhood traffic issues.
He he hangs up the call in one minute. Puts me through to the wrong division. theft of gas from gas.
Neither of you is correct.
Fraud 5,000 or theft under 10,000 including theft from vehicles, damage to property,
your hate crime under 5,000 that is not related to hate crimes.
These reports can be made online.
Please note that theft reports under $10,000 will be processed through online reporting. If you are unable to report online, please remain on the line for an operator to assist you. For more information and online reporting, visit www.
Perfectly Frank. For the first time in my life with the complaint report,
I will tick the box. Police officers are available to speak with you and provide advice or answer any questions you may have. They are equipped to assist over the phone with non-urgent matters such as neighbor disputes, harassment, and community engagement. If you would like to speak to an officer regarding a n urgent police matter. Find your local station at www.tbs.ca/my dash neighborhood slash. The phone number for each division is 416808x00 0. For example, 42 division would be 416 8084200 0. Please note that police do not take reports for the following lost property, lost Canadian passport or lost identification. Please call service Canada at 1800 622 62 please do not take calls international passport must be in person at your local police station.
All operators are busy assisting other callers. The next available operator,
if I was a black female with mental illness, I would have got priority care. Even if she was complaining on the grounds, she'd get good. I'm I'm sorry to to make to just say it over again, but that is what it is. This is what we filing about. You have reached the Toronto Police Communication Center. All operators are busy assisting other callers. Your call will be answered by the next available operator.
Wow. The next one. They've been on the line with the last guy for 37 minutes.
If you are calling to have a parking enforcement officer dispatched, please be advised that for your convenience, parking Complaints can be made online. The quickest and easiest way to file a parking complaint is online. Visit www.p
put me on hold for 40 minutes at the police non-emergency
services online.
I noticed I had called the wrong number. This is a hate crime.
I called the hate crime unit. They picked up in one second.
Access.
I told them I have mental ill and they're gone.
The right call.
Why even report them to the right
calling with regards to mental health support? housing.
I'm put on hold for
services, community programs,
hoping that I will go away
or newcomer support, please hang up and dial 211. If you are calling with regards to city related services such as animal complaints or noise complaints, please hang up and dial 311. Police only respond to calls with potential safety issues or safety issue criminality.
There was an instance of criminality
online. Reporting is the quickest and most convenient way to file multiple reports. If you are calling to report neighborhood traffic issues, concerns or driving complaint, graffiti or theft of gas from a gas station,
will you ever take me
under 5,000 or theft under 10 minutes on
including theft from vehicle?
Trying to report what someone spitting on me or vehicles under 5,000 that is not related to a collision. It's an assault. These reports can be made online. Please note that theft reports under $10,000 will be processed through online reporting. If you are unable to report online, please remain on the line for an operator to assist you. For more information and online reporting, visit www.pbs.ca/report. Police officers are available to speak with you and provide advice or answer any questions you may have. They are equipped to assist over the phone with non-urgent matters such as neighbor disputes, harassment, and community engagement. If you would like to speak to an officer regarding a non-urgent police matter, find your local station at www.tbs.ca- neighborhood slash
race. It's the only thing.
The phone number for each division is 416.
You're upset. You are the most racist people in the world.
For example,
the only crimes you respond to 42 0. Please note that police do not take reports for the following. Lost property, lost Canadian passport, or lost identification. Please call Service Canada at 1 800 6226232. Lost international passports must be reported in person at your local police station. All operators are busy assisting other callers. The next available operator will assist you. You have reached the Toronto Police Communication Center. All operators are busy assisting other callers. Your call will be answered by the next available operator. All operators are busy assisting other callers. If you are calling to have a parking enforcement officer dispatched, please be advised that for your convenience, parking complaints can be made online. The quickest and easiest way to file a parking complaint is online. Visit www.tps.ca/servicesonline-reporting forward slashparking-complaint accessward slash
the right call gets you the right help.
If you are calling with regards to mental health supporting,
child and family services, community programs, elder
or newcomer support, please hang up and dial 211.
If you are calling with regards to city related services such as animal complaints or complaints, please hang up and dial 311. Police only respond to calls with potential safety issues or instances of criminality.
There was also the guy I'd like to say multiple reports.
Um, if you're hate neighborhood traffic issues,
there was the guy with the big the big blunt weapon, the uh the Donatello stick that he was waiting for me to threat 10,000 including
so there were four hate crimes in two weeks
damage to property or vehicles under 5,000 that is not related to a collision. These reports can be made online. Please note that theft reports under $10,000 will be for online reporting.
If you are unable to report online, please remain on the line for
the guy with the Donatello bat. He's not
information and online reporting. Visit www. The hate crime unit hung up on me for because I am white and hello.
Police officers are available to speak with you and provide advice or answer.
The hate crime unit hung up on me because I am white and reporting mental illness.
This is not something we take.
He hangs up on me in less than one minute, puts me through to the wrong division. I wait on the phone for 45 minutes.
Speak to an officer regarding a non-urgent police matter. Find your local station at www. tbs.ca slashmy-nneighborhood slash the phone number for each division. It's 4168
14 division up to your usual tricks.
For example, you never would be 41682.
You're notorious for ignoring my police do not take reports for the following lost. property lost.
One time the homeless guy took a a metal rod and tried to kill me.
Please call service Canada at 1800.
I I was told do what you want to press charges against him. Yeah, I want to press charges against tried to kill me.
He's homeless. Reported in person.
Yeah. Homeless murder.
All operators are busy assisting other.
Yeah, I would have liked to charge that next available operator.
But no, no, you Brendan called, "Throw it away." And you know me by name. Even worse, you know me by name. To throw it away. You have reached the Toronto Police.
14 division put me on hold for two hours.
Operators are busy assisting other callers.
I waited two hours.
Call will be answered by the next available operator.
They kept me on and then I waited another third hour.
All operators are busy assisting other callers.
I waited 5 hours on the phone.
A parking enforcement officer. Dispatch, please be advised that for your convenience, parking complaints can be made online. The quickest and easiest way to file a parking complaint is online.
This is to deny me any form of justice.ca slservices
because you hate me
slash online story
slparking-complaint-access the right call gets you the right help. If you are calling with regards to mental health support, housing, child and family services, community programs, the recording device or newcomer support, please hang up.
Move it away or take the phone. We'll put it in the charger now.
If you are calling with regard to you want to talk to me,
such as animal back to the recording device.
Please hang up and dial 311.
Police only respond to calls with potential safety issues or criminality.
We don't do that.
Wrong. If you are calling to report neighborhood traffic issue, concerns or driving complaint, graffiti or theft of gas from a gas station, fraud under 5,000 or theft under 10,000 including theft from vehicles, damage to property or vehicles under 5,000 that I'm being discriminated against or does that automatically mean I'm evil but not other people. The exact same thing. through online reporting. If you are unable to report online,
where did you find this
for an operator to assist you? For more information and online reporting, visit www.pds.ca.
Your whole institution is built on hypocrisy
are available to speak with you and provide advice any questions you may have.
They are equipped to assist over your good intentions urgent matters
have created help. neighbor dispute
and community engagement.
If you would like to speak to an officer regarding a non-urgent police matter, find your local station at www.tv.
I guess because there's a lawsuit coming. You are absorbing information on hold, making me matter and matter so you can use it against me.
Except just burn these tapes.
Do not bring these to court. This is not going to help. the transcript. I'll be bringing mine to court.
Please note that police do not take reports for the following lost property, lost Canadian passport or lost identification. Please call Service Canada at 1800 622.
Yeah, I'd like to report four hate crimes. at your local police station
in two weeks. A danger to my life, too.
All operators are busy assisting other callers. The next available operator will assist you. You have reached the Toronto Police Communication Center. All operators are busy assisting other callers. Your call will be answered by the next available operator.
Good. Give me more of this.
All operators are busy.
Give me 10 hours. of this. The phone's charging.
Put me on hold for 10 hours when I
want to report.
One of which was a threat to my wife is online www.
Put me on hold for 10 hours.
You'll hang up eventually at the end of this clown show rather than take my report toxic complaint access. The right call gets you the right help. If you are calling with regards to mental health support, housing, child and family services, community programs, elder assistance, or newcomer support, please hang up.
Your mental health support sucks, too.
ODSP should be $3,000. That's enough for a home to live in
enough for food.
You give us below the deep poverty line to die in.
If we don't have rich relatives, we die.
Online reporting is the quickest and most convenient way to file
on the street. We don't.
If you are calling to report neighborhood traffic issue,
your favorite weapon is murder
or complaint, graffiti, or theft of gas from a gas station, fraud under 5,000, or theft under 10,000, including theft from vehicles, damage to property, or vehicles under 5,000 that is not related to a collision. These reports can be made online. Please note that theft reports under $10,000 will be processed through online reporting. If you are unable to report online, please remain on the line for an operator to assist you. For more information and online reporting, visit www.pbs.ca/report. Police officers are available to speak with you and provide advice or answer any questions you may have. They are equipped to assist over the phone with non-urgent matters such as neighbor dispute, harassment, and community engagement. If you would like to speak to an officer regarding a non-urgent police matter, find your local station at www.tpbs.ca/my neighborhood slash. The phone number for each division is 416 808 x 0. For example, 42 division would be 4168.
There we go. It's right by the recording device.
Please note reports for the following lost property.
How long do you keep me on hold before identification? Please call Service Canada at 1800.
How long do you keep me on hold before the call drops?
6232.
Lost international passports must be reported in person at your local police station.
All operators are busy assisting other callers.
No, they're not.
The next available operator will assist you. So, let's go over the order of events. I call the police non-emergency line. They put me on hold for 40 minutes.
You have reached the Toronto Police Communication.
Then I realized I called the wrong people. I'm recording it. busy assisting other callers.
I call the hate crime unit. They pick up by the next
Hello, I was assaulted by someone spitting on me because I'm mentally ill. Uh transfer to 51 division
operators are busy assisting other
but I'm not in 51.
If you are calling to have a parking enforcement officer dispatched
51 division puts me through my favor 14 division.
Parking complaints can be made online.
You put me on hold for
file a parking complaint is
you put me on hold for two hours before dropping the calls or CA
3 hours.
At what point do you drop the
line-arking-complaint dash access forward slash
you have deniability then
the right call get the right help
if you are calling with regards to mental health support housing child and family services community programs elder assistance or newcomer support please hang up and dial 2 If you are calling with regard to city related services,
please hang up and dial 311. Police only respond to calls with potential safety issues or instances of criminality. Online reporting is the quickest and most convenient way to file multiple reports. If you are calling to report neighborhood traffic issues, concerns, or driving graffiti or theft of gas from a gas station,
fraud under 5,000,
theft under 10,000,
including theft from vehicles,
damage to property, or vehicles under 5,000 that is not related to a collision. These reports can be made online. Please note that theft reports under $10,000 will be processed through online reporting. If you are unable to report online,
please remain on the line. for an operator to
check out the form one.
For more information and online reporting, visit www.
It should be in the form forms.ca/report offices, harassment, and community. I'm
completing this application myself and I'm representing To speak to an officer regarding a non-urgent police matter, find your local station at www.pbs.ca
slash my neighborhoodward slash.
The phone number for each division is 416
808 xx 0.
For example, 42 division would be 416 808 or 2.
Please note that police do not take reports for the
father,
lost property,
lost Canadian passport,
or lost identification.
Please call Service Canada at 1 800 622
they
6232.
Lost international passport must be reported in person at your local police station.
Okay. All operators are busy assisting other callers.
The next available operator will assist.
Enough this joke.
What am I doing filling it out with that? English. I'm completing this application myself and representing myself just like all the others. Rose. Friend,
Sam,
brother, we
you have reached the Toronto Police Communication Center.
All operators are busy assisting other callers.
Your call will be answered by the next available operator.
Singular personal.
All operators will be assisting other callers.
I should call a parking officer dispatched.
Please be that for your convenience parking nonbinary person.
Oh, please.
Sorry. Uh, hi. I'd like to report four hate crimes, one of which was a threat to my life. Uh, in the last two weeks,
sorry, one moment.
Hello.
Hi. Sorry, one moment. Let me just sit down. Uh, I'd like to report four hate crimes. Uh, one of which was a threat to my life. The rest were spitting incidents. I tried the hate crime unit, but they
I tried the hate crime unit, but they put me through to 51 division, which wasn't the right division. They put me through to you. So, how do I report the hate crime?
Okay. What is your phone number?
437432-9165.
What's your name?
Brendan Rose.
And your address, Brendan?
11 Stanley Avenue. Toronto, Ontario, Canada. You likely have it on f***.
Is that an apartment or a house?
It's a house.
What's the closest major intersection?
I think King and Tamson.
Are you close to Lakeshore?
No.
Hello.
No.
Hello. Yep. Give me one moment. Just trying to locate you.
Yeah, that's fine. Is everything okay?
King and where? Sorry.
Near King and Tumpsy. T E C U M S E T H. I was unhappy because people are spitting on me because I'm mentally ill. Uh they spat on me in the last two weeks.
You're close to King. You're close to King in Niagara, right? I think so. So, I was upset because uh I was spit on twice because I'm mentally ill and an old man tried to do it a third time. I I don't know who did the first two cuz they kind of just do it and walk away. Uh but the old man uh he tried to and then I told him that uh spitting on someone is assault and he decided not to. Um and then the third
people that are doing this What?
Who are these people?
Two of them. I wasn't sure. The one that happened today, I didn't see who did it. The one that was about a week and a half ago, I didn't see who did it. Uh the old man who was threatening to spit on me, uh I I'm not sure if I'd recognize him if I saw him, but he lives around here. And the uh the fourth incident is a guy when I was leaving Shoppers Drug Mart, uh there was a guy across the road spinning around a staff like Donatello and uh and he was using it basically to menace me. Uh, I told I I told him that he was using that as a weapon and he got scared and dropped it and he started picking it up. I kept telling him why he shouldn't be menacing people with weapons and he kept dropping it. It was very it was almost comical, but he was doing it to scare me because I'm mentally ill. I reported it to I tried to report it to the hat.
How did this happen?
Uh, the incident with The most recent spinning incident happened today when I was going to Moore's suit store. Walking from King and Baurst to Moore's suit store at Young and uh King and then uh the
Any weapons involved?
What?
Any weapons involved?
No. Well, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There was the the guy with the stick, he had a a a big giant uh stick like Donatello and he was swinging it around to menace me. So, there was a weapon. Yeah. Everyone around here is crazy. They all hate me because of my music mostly. But uh yeah, it's it's getting absurd now. Stuff like this happens every other day. I reported it to the hate crime division and uh I tried to at least he heard the word mental illness and just immediately transferred me to 51 division within within one minute. He didn't even listen to my report. Complete Throw it in the garbage can. I thought mentally ill people had protection under the law. Still, are we excluded now, too? I'd actually appreciate an answer on them.
Definitely not excluded from the law. Okay. So, what's your name? Oh, sorry. You're Brandon, right?
I I I I meant not the law. I meant uh the hate crime unit. Are we excluded from the hate crime unit if we're mentally ill? Is that
Absolutely not. Okay. Brandon, when is your birthday?
Why didn't he take the call seriously? Why did he just throw
I am not sure. I wasn't on the phone with you. I wouldn't be able. What's your birthday, Brandon?
April 29, 1985. Is it possible I could get the badge number of the the guy at the hate crime unit? Do I talk to? I might like to file an HRT.
I don't know who you spoke to.
I have I have no idea who you spoke to. I wasn't on the call and I have no access to that information.
I see. Okay.
Okay. Give me one moment.
I would definitely like to follow to your complaint. It It's absurd. He He should have taken that call. He passed me off on to you, but then he didn't listen to my complaint. He didn't take any of it seriously. He just heard the word mental illness and for some reason he is passing me off on to you in less than One minute.
Okay. All right, Brandon. So, just based on everything that you've shared with me, I think the best option here would be transferring you over to a service called Toronto Community Crisis Service.
You're going to call me with them, let them know.
That's your answer.
No, Brandon, that's not what's going to happen. Absolutely not. They're going to speak to you. They will be able to hear you out on all of your concerns and they'll be able to offer you some resources and maybe get you some assistance.
They can send a unit out to see you if poss if
they will help. if it's required, they can send somebody out to see you.
Um, and then yeah, they'll be offer they'll be better suited to offer you services.
When you say services, do you mean access to the hate crime unit for filing a report of a hate motivated crime?
Uh, spitting on someone is assault. It is a hate motivated assault.
Okay, Brandon, is it okay if I transfer you to TCC?
I'd prefer not to. I I got to just clarify what's going on here. Uh, I don't see why I should be put through to a mental illness support line that will tell me where to get free food and uh and lodging. I have plenty of food and lodging. I'm living perfectly comfortably at home. My psychiatrist is happy with me mostly.
Okay.
There there's no mental crisis.
Brandon, this is the this is the issue. Okay. What you're explaining to me is not a hate crime. Um, you don't know. You're just assuming that it's a hate crime, which it it could possibly be. I don't know. I'm not there. I don't experience it. So, it could be, but you're not. This is not what we would consider a hate crime.
If someone spits on someone for a protective characteristic
and it spit on you, Brandon, are you going to let me talk to speak or do you just want to speak?
Okay. So, if somebody spit on you and there was actual contact made, then yes, that's assault. I can put a call up for you. But again, you're saying that this is something that happened weeks ago and somebody attempted to spit on you recently.
It happened.
You said somebody attempted to Yes. But didn't make contact. Correct.
There were three incidents of spitting in two weeks. Today it happened and it happened a week ago and a week and a half ago. So it happened
by different people. Right.
Yes.
Okay.
When you spit on someone for a protected characteristic, that's a hate crime, right?
Am I wrong? You're You're putting me through to
That is wrong. It's not for mental illness.
No, this wouldn't be a hate crime and I am not going to if you don't want to be transferred to TCCS and that's perfectly fine. I'm going to put a call for you for
transfer me over to
No, it's fine. I'm going to put a call up for you.
Okay, Brandon, what would you like to do? Do you want me to transfer you to PCCS or would you like officers to come and see you about being spit on?
I'd like officers to come and see me about being spit on so I can file a report.
Okay, sounds good. I will get that up for you right now. Okay. Uh, when will they be here?
Officers will come out and see you. I wouldn't be able to tell you. It just depends on when a unit becomes available.
Um, okay.
Okay.
Uh, is everything okay? I mean, are are they are they are they going to take me away to a ward? Be honest.
Brenda, why would they why would they take you away?
There there have been many times when I've been taken to warts by police. Okay. Well, you haven't told me that you've done anything wrong.
So, I'm not sure why you would think police are going to take you away.
Because because I'm scared of you guys.
Okay. So, Brandon, this is this is why I said that I think
Okay, Brandon, listen to what I'm saying to you for a moment. Okay.
Trying to listen.
I know that you're scared. I know that you're scared. I can totally understand that. But that's why I think that TCCS might be the better option for you.
No. They will offer you resources.
What kind of resources is coming out to see you? Mental health support.
I have all that.
Okay. So then I'm going to put the call up like I was saying for assault. Officers will come and see you when they become available. Okay.
Thank you.
You're very welcome. I'm going to disconnect the line now. Try to have a good night. Okay.
You too. I'm sorry that there was
All right.
It was the thing is uh you talk very fast. So before I know it, I'm talking over you. I wasn't even trying to talk over you. It It's just
You You talk really fast. I didn't even notice until Yeah.
Okay.
It's perfectly fine. Don't worry. You don't need to be sorry. Okay. I've got this up for you. Officers will come out and speak with you as soon as they become available.
Okay. Thank you.
If anything changes, you can always give us a call back. All right.
Uh yeah. If possible, could you guys come tomorrow instead of coming in the middle of the night?
The only thing I can do for you right now is record all the information that you provided and you can call back in the morning and open it when you're ready to see officers. Do you want to do that?
Can you send them in the morning?
I can't send them in the morning. No, I can't do that for you. Only thing that I can do for you is put the call up right. Sorry, put the calls filed away right now and then you will call in the morning and let us know that you want to open it and you want officers to come out and see you.
Uh why don't you just have them come whenever? I'll I'll stay up or something. Uh, give give me a call before they arrive. Okay.
Okay, sounds good.
Thank you.
All right, Brandice. Good night. Bye. Bye. Bye.