Hey, I thought I'd let you in on my new HRTO case, the judge is currently deliberating on whether or not to give me my confirmation letter, I expect a response within 4 months, but i may be wrong. It depends also on whether I can do other things while i wait, instead of peppering the court with messages pertinent to the matter at hand, as I naturally wish to do, and require a force of will to avoid.

The Judge is reading my application now. I did not lie at any point in the entire exchange.
This case is pretty cut and dry, this idiot Tony spread rumors about me, around the neighborhood,
until crazy people are threatening me, spitting me, hating me in the street, assaulting me, etc, etc,
It's really a disgusting way to be, i am superior because i spit on you demon, they think, in truth this is the most classless person.

The emails i sent them and used as evidence, have been bounced,
but that's ok, i gave the judge her address, name, phone number,
the emails are fake or bouncing, but he'll use the other methods
when he approves service a while after i get my confirmation letter,
if they can confirm the case justifies the heavy price listed.
But since it is itemized, and each point makes perfect sense as
an actionable reason to provide compensation, I don't think it's
unreasaonble just because it's high, the number of incidents is
the reason it's so high, it's not one or two things, and i ran out of space, i could 
double or triple that.

The idiot has no buisness lying about me in that manner.
No I never did anything like that, how insane is the question.
He tells people this, that i committed these serious crimes,
sufficient to get most people killed, he did.
Now when the whole town is out for my blood
they hate my music so, where are we at?

Well the claims were baseless, they're lies.
No I never did anything like that, the suggestion
that i've commited that crime is CRAZY.
Enough to get a man killed, and he spreads it around
as if it was the word "shithead" or "loser",
Well the world has heard, and they've come to kill me,
with weapons. They will probably.....
They spit on me, they mock and abuse me,
laugh at my pain, they assaulted me just a week
or two ago.

Monstrous,
and this fool is still welcome at Shoppers Drug Mart,
where he yells that garbage at me when I'm buying my
groceries. Then he gets invited back.
They believe the slander there.

I sincerely hope the judge approves this eventually and
that i can control myself enough to avoid the usual pitfalls,
my inability to stay silent, deathly in courtrooms and lawyer deals.

I really love a lot of the staff at shoppers drug mart, which is why it hurts
why is Tony allowed to yell that word at me, when it is a lie without any basis in reality,
and he's not banned, he gets to keep coming back. people are listening to him and they're going to kill me.
I will be walking down the street one day and I'll be attacked with a weapon,
that will be the end of my life. on that day they will feel shame, not triumph, not joy rapture or revelation.
They will FEEL SHAME, and be murderers........