HUMAN RIGHTS TRIBUNAL OF ONTARIO: Brendan Samuel Rose (Applicant) - and - SoundCloud Inc
(Soundcloud Support) HRTO File Number: 2026-67265-I
WRITTEN SUBMISSIONS OF THE APPLICANT REGARDING JURISDICTION 
PART I: OVERVIEW:
1. This submission is filed in response to the Tribunal’s Endorsement dated 2026-06-01.
2. The Applicant submits that the Tribunal has jurisdiction over this matter because the Application establishes a prima facie case of adverse effect discrimination under the Ontario Human Rights Code, Section 11, and the discrimination alleged took place entirely in Ontario.
3. The Applicant submits proof documenting creed sincerity under (Syndicat Northcrest v. Amselem [2004])
4. The Applicant has a well documented Mental Health Condition as evidenced in his private and confidential medical information, forwarded improperly to Soundcloud Support and Legal,
who then pocketed it. Refusing to return the documents or acknowledge the theft of these private medical docs. Their reasoning remains unclear, as no explanation was given, or any statement made acknowledging anything the Applicant had said during the entire hearing. The Documents were not returned, the request for urgent deletion of these documents was ignored, the request that the Registrar intervene to protect the applicant's rights, does not appear to have occurred.
5. The Applicants position is that multinational corporations and other corporate conglomerates that operate internationally, do not respect Canadian Law, and our laws are being lost to this.
The Protections for Human Rights Law, Disability Protections and Accommodations, Privacy guarantees and protections (in this case medical data was stolen by Soundcloud) and the Charter of Rights and Freedoms which guarantee's Speech, freedom of religion, freedom from religious discrimination, and adverse affect cases that discriminate on those basis's, it's all gone. Swallowed up by Jurisdiction, or Multinationals that act like privateers in international waters no mans land. Making up their own laws as TOS, which then supercede all Canadian Laws, and when we seek redress, we are told, no, they are German.
PART II: FACTS
3. The Applicant resides in Ontario, Canada, and accessed SoundCloud’s services within the province of Ontario.
4. Between the months of January 2026 and Currently, June 2026, the applicant used SUNO AI as a mental health assistance device, allowing him to participate in the music business legally, without breaking a law like copyright for once, and they used this AI Prosthetic, [like a prosthetic limb or a wheelchair, in other words] to bring in 1.665 million streams on
Soundcloud of his religious hymns and hymns, Luciferian hymns, the applicant's religion.
This disability aid allows them to make music without the involvement of other people,
who typically do not like disabled people, or strange religions. Without this AI prosthetic,
the applicant cannot make music, and it is a required disability aid. Without this Aid,
the applicant cannot do his job, self governed or otherwise employed defacto by Soundcloud,
regardless of TOS, which does not supersede, I note, Human Rights Law or Supreme Court
Decisions like (Syndicat Northcrest v. Amselem [2004]).
5. During this time, an anti-fascist hymn was invented in Suno Form (dating back longer),
a satirical song called GOING FULL FASCIST which speaks from the voice of a fascist
in order to repel anyone who might be enamoured with it away from the philosophy,
it is rooted in classical liberal free speech activism, and anti-fascist protest.
6. The song was flagged as illegal and the German Government through NetzDG (Netzwerkdurchsetzungsgesetz or Network Enforcement Act) which fines large social media
companies 50 million euro per instance of a flagged song not being removed within 24 hours. 
7. The song was removed, and SoundCloud instructed the applicant that his
account was in danger of deletion, the applicant, then, full of fear, destroyed and
deleted an archive of old memories, hymns from his old marriage, and his time
in Chinatown and Kingston Road, all considered important times in the chronology
of his religious system, just to appease them. Also there were albums deleted from "The Golden Age of Loki" and others like "Late & Jail" which chronicled his marriage to his wife, who is now gone. in all over 1000 hymns were private, and approximately 300 were deleted, as they
contained copyrighted materials they felt would be used to destroy everything. 
8. The self enforced deletion of these historical religious hymns created unimaginable psychological pain and devastation, as well as devastating fear that the whole collection, then approximately 5000 religious hymns of Luciferianism, the applicant's religion, I reiterate. [the creation of thousands of hymns demonstrates Creed Sincerity, the number is now closer to 8500.] It is hard to explain but it has the effect similar to tearing out pages of the bible, or ripping up an album of family photos, the result is similar. The applicant strongly values his religious hymns, and considers them at times more important than his own life. At times they has taken actions which could have lead to his death, in the production of hymns. So their destruction is painful. This demonstrates Creed Sincerity (Syndicat Northcrest v. Amselem [2004]).
9. It is psychologically agonizing, like desecrating the Quran. In whole, in just one order
to delete one song, the applicant took down the entire 80 song series of GOING FULL FASCIST,
as well as deleted 300 more full of old memories of his lost wife, young son who they has never met, dog, and cats, which cause uncontrollable crying lasting for hours. over 1000 songs were taken out of public view and put to private, all to deter the third strike on their account, which would claim them all. The willingness to destroy that which they loved most, to protect the rest, demonstrates the creed in highly important to them. (Syndicat Northcrest v. Amselem [2004])
10: The psychological pain was acute. This is non-trivial to the applicant. Though the world sees his hymns as trivial, the applicant at times has chosen to almost kill or die over these hymns and nothing else. [SEE: Kingston Road, November 18th-19th 2022, police called, door cut open, multiple violent assaults attempted over many hours, barricaded himself in the condominium unit, the unit destroyed rooms requiring 30 thousand in repairs, no major injuries recorded, a bottle of giant baileys thrown at an elderly woman's head, the board of director's head, which applicant was apparently unaware, also a factor, no medication for 3 months, poor budgeting by the Uncle Sam Suttle resulted in a disaster of starvation, 100-150 dollars a month remaining after Sam took his rent 3 times. The starvation became deathly serious within weeks, by the time they reached NOV 19th 2026, applicant's hand had been bleeding for weeks from a self inflicted wound they refused to seek treatment for as it would interrupt his religious work, the creation of hymns and videos continued throughout the situation, for the entirety of the three months, though near death, and including the 4th month in a ward, and 2 months more during the ill fated civil suit against Sam Suttle. Applicant is unusually devoted to these hymns. Deletion of his Youtube account imminent, applicant deleted it himself on November 5th, causing immense devastation to his psychology, and contributing to the attack, filed as a mental health incident, resulted in 1 month in CAMH, and a civil suit of little merit (SEE: Yulia Pesin and the Condo Corporation v. Brendan Rose and Sam Suttle [POA for the applicants mother, Aine Suttle])] 
11: They continued almost obsessive creation of large amounts of artwork during this period where they were starved and mutilated and still somehow kept on producing art, chose making art over staying alive, chose making art over going to a hospital to tend to their bleeding wound which had been bleeding for over a week after an artery was cut, demonstrates sincerity under Amselem, as nobody would have to go through this test, the fact that it was done for music demonstrates sincerity (Syndicat Northcrest v. Amselem [2004]). To state this does not pass the bar for creed sincerity under Amselem, would place a higher burden on new unusual faiths than is placed for traditionally recognized faiths. And as the bar when met, affords protections for religious expressions, the violation of a SOUNDCLOUD TOS, is of no merit or importance whatsoever,
as it is not a law, but rather the Human Rights Code of Ontario comes into effect then,
and protections must be offered, and this Ontario resident's rights are being violated in this manner while living and residing in Ontario. These events did not happen in Berlin. The psychological torture took place in Ontario. The demonetization of his AI assisted disability device created songs discriminate on the basis of religion and disability at the same time, in a form of Adverse Affect Discrimination, where a blanket policy affects a vulnerable group more than the general public, and since the law applies to all, but affects some unequally, the finding is Adverse Effect, you have been discriminated against by a blanket policy that refuses to accommodate for your needs under the code. And any finding that Jurisdiction is at issue (even though the events happened in Ontario) we cannot rule that any corporation with multinational status can run roughshod over the code, Human Rights Laws and Protections, in favor of TOS, or we are surrendering all of our cherished rights and traditions to multinational TOS, which cares nothing for them, and in an increasingly digital age, one would have to either enforce the rules on them, or giveup the HRTO building, as of little use to anyone in a digital age, as it cannot deliver justice in any meaningful way anymore. In retaliation for their disability The fact the headquarters are in Karl Marx Street Berlin is of little importance, the protections are there when sincerity is granted, the applicant has proven sincerity beyond the breaking point of most human bodies, the willingness to injure oneself rather than compromise sincerity (Syndicat Northcrest v. Amselem [2004]) these songs likely keep the applicant alive, so the fact that the employee or self governing employee was in Ontario when the religious discrimination and religious torture took place, and was discriminated against by a multinational German, is immaterial and absurd. In many other cases Jurisdiction has been granted over multinationals.
12: In all, two or three large albums, and an entire anime series replacement was created, complete with fully edited in replacement voices, with the applicant as all the badguys in the anime series MONSTER, by Naoki Urasawa, which they called "Another Monster" referencing the Czech book. The large scale production of these terrifying and powerful religious works, even as life and death seemed to reach their end, and death seemed imminent, the fact that they continued making works in this Hell, speaks STRONGLY to creed sincerity under Syndicat Northcrest v. Amselem [2004], and to suggest otherwise, would place a higher standard of requirement on Luciferianism, than it does on traditionally accepted faiths like Christianity. Which has already been ruled against.
13: Moving on, the Respondent engaged in adverse treatment by deleting, destroying, threatening to destroy or desecrating his religious hymns, in full view of him, while they began to break psychologically. Though they was clearly distressed this continued. They knew likely that these actions would cause him great religious pain, or at least psychological, but they were done anyway, Compelled by the German Government's threats to induce compliance in the deletion
of his anti-fascist hymn.
13: Furthermore, all of his religious hymns, every single one, was demonetized under
a policy which took all his royalties away, because of the use of his AI prosthetic,
required by him to do his job, a self governing system of professional musicians,
and despite the fact that on paper, the TOS may claim they are not an employee,
they were effectively an unpaid unrecognized employee of Soundcloud in effect.
Bringing in 1.665 million streams, earning only 35 cents, a profound insult
which wounded their pride, religious character, and ultimately lead to the abandonment of music
altogether, in profound despair. The loss of that which they valued most.
14. The Applicant possesses a protected characteristic under the Code, specifically disability and religion. And as these characteristics were wielded to inflict pain and suffering on him,
which they should have known would occur, this series of impositions, caused profound psychological devastation, religious pain, and religious mourning and misery.
In a similar manner to a muslims Quran being desecrated. The applicant values his hymns equally.
Their refusal to grant accommodations for the AI demonetization rule, (Syndicat Northcrest v. Amselem [2004]) which was a blanket policy affecting disproportionately, people with his diagnosis [Schizoaffective Manic Type Disorder], the failures and abuses were wide ranging and profound. The loss of religious hymns, family memories, the reduction of his income [typically 6000 USD for that many views, reduced to zero due to his disability requirement for AI Music Generators like SUNO] was seen as a profound insult, which psychologically damaged them. Though the belief is non-traditional, the result is the same, and should therefore be afforded the same protections (Syndicat Northcrest v. Amselem [2004]) The Gold Standard Supreme Court Decision in Cases like this.
PART III: THE LEGAL LINK (THE NEXUS) ARGUMENTS
16. I am relying primarily on (Syndicat Northcrest v. Amselem [2004]) in this case, in addition to the informational materials. 
17. The Respondent’s conduct was not a matter of general unfairness, but was directly motivated or influenced by the Applicant's mental illness and religious character. 
18. Specifically, the connection is evidenced by the willingness to lose anything, suffer anything, risk ones's life, perhaps die, (Syndicat Northcrest v. Amselem [2004]) perhaps break the commandment THOU SHALT NOT KILL, perhaps anything at all in the world, rather than give up his music. 
19. When Soundcloud valued that music, despite all his success, at nothing, his religious hymns valued at nothing, his religion, his faith, worth nothing, worth zero, harmed the applicant's psychology so profoundly, he ultimately gave up, forever, this thing that had been his only lifeline, his life preserver, which he had thrown away everything to pursue, family, pets, the rules of man, his own life, his blood, everything, the money he would have made from a simple straight job he could not do due to a religious conviction, through years of trauma more than most humans could possible bear, he abandoned it largely, in abject despair at his hymns meaning everything to him, being valued at this, rate. As punishment for using a disability aid, it beggars reason to suggest this trauma was not real because the faith is non-traditional and therefore should receive no protections, this was already ruled on in (Syndicat Northcrest v. Amselem [2004]), the unorthodox or weird nature of the faith is not at issue. Nor is it befitting of a judge to determine that, the only requirement for protection under the code, therefore, is creed sincerity, which cannot have been demonstrated more profoundly. This is his faith, regardless of what others think, in his mind, this is the faith they hold. To deny justice therefore, due to jurisdictional issues commonly overridden by the courts in other cases, and likely considering in that move, that the faith wasn't real anyway, that is not for the judge to decide. It is explicitly forbidden. (Syndicat Northcrest v. Amselem [2004]) You may only test the sincerity of their belief.
PART IV : JURISDICTION
The Events Took Place in Ontario, the psychological trauma and loss took place in Ontario, The Applicant was Living in Ontario when the discrimination and psychological religious pain were inflicted, they did not leave Ontario at any time during the period Soundcloud inflicted them, They are a Global Corporation and subject to the laws of the nations they operate under, as we are subject to theirs in Germany, such as the Human Rights Code, and the HRTO system of Justice, All of this took place in Ontario, these are events in Ontario. The contract was signed in Ontario. The Work done, in Ontario. The religious Trauma, in Ontario.
PART V: ORDER SOUGHT
9. The Applicant requests that the Tribunal find it has jurisdiction and allow the Application to proceed to service. Dated at Toronto, Ontario, this ____ day of June, 2026.

__________________________________
BRENDAN ROSE, Applicant
437 432 9165, email: thesulfurgod@protonmail.com