I'm beginning to notice a pattern. I let an AI drive the car,
and the next day, i'm dealing with some menace, some strategy gone
horrible ape shit wrong.
Today someone spat on me, on the way to buy my new suit.
The suit is wonderful, 850 dollars, immediately i understand
if someone spat on that, I'd want like, guillotine just end it,
I can't imaging anything more disrespectful, today i saw
with my own mind, my advantage evaporate, and i did it myself.
I though they lied twice, after this email, I think neither:

I had to correct the last email because it contained an error in the spelling of the respondants service email, you guys at the deepdive caught it, which is why i noticed. Thank you, you saved my ass.
So now what do we have, well the service emails are probably both fine,
maybe management vs front desk emails, something like that.
So we're fighting on the case.
Oh my, how will i ever survive, well i told the truth,
so it should be fine.
You laughed at me, called my whole case paranoid,
partly because of the weed store poisoning,
you asked "ha are there any HOSPITAL REPORTS"?
Yes that's well documented, I called 811, it was recorded,
the police were called, they shut down the store for a day,
clearly something happened there, it's one of the more
well documented ones, although i'd still need to request
the records, which could delay time. The weed store guys
hated me, he dropped my joint like 50 times, pretending it was
a mistake every time, then i bought weed, smoked at home
and hallucinated until i went blind, for an hour, this is the kind
of thing people do to me. I am starting to sue people who
take such measures now, so they feel fear, and their money's mine.
Yes, I'm sorry man, when that guy Tony is spreading that slanderous garbage
and they all spread it around, and they know he does this,
and he's still a treasured customer, that's not fine. That's a problem.
When Tony abuses me in the store, calling me that name to people walking by,
why wasn't he removed, and asked not to return, or warned he would not be
invited back if he didn't stop saying that in their store? Tony is considered a cool guy,
everyone likes him, as he slanders my name until I'm attacked.
People have gone crazy, and now arrive, with weapons to threaten me,
likely violence. It's a big problem, I have a right to be upset about this,
there's being unpopular, and then there's a bunch of people declare you guilty,
without evidence, and they take action to ruin your life, ostracizing you,
then after quick escalation, they become violent, threats to my life are now common,
I genuinely believe it will happen eventually. You can call me whatever man,
I don't accept that, I'll sue. Anyone siding with them, I'll sue if i have grounds.
I think i have grounds here, this is gotten out of control. People would hear my music,
run into the shoppers, and try to get me banned from the premises,
they didn't do it, but they warned me about my music, and invited those people back.
These paranoid people, hating me like it's on sale tonight, they have become violent,
and have been for a long time. Anyone now repeating that slander is putting my life
in danger, and they gossip about it all the time.

Anyway, my 3 amendments are here,
it's a good case, a strong case,
i think i'll get my confirmation letter.

If i don't it's probably somethign i can resubmit,
it's a big ask, not because the amount is high,
but because I'm a rookie asking that.
It's very unusual, but the case is strong.

And why did she deny me a service when i wanted
to assert my rights under the code to file an HRTO suit against martin?
She faxed off other stuff all the time, but an HRTO suit is mentioned,
suddenly, service denied.

You may not be familiar with the rules, that's a big no no.
Denying someone service because they want to file at HRTO or filed there,
Yeah you're in trouble already, just for that, 
then we get into Tony.

Tony had no basis for what he was saying about me,
It was slanderous, defamatory, caused violence against me,
he hired and aquired people who in the past were violent towards me
what more do you want? When he's verbally abusing me in the store
tell him to leave and not come back, all the people trying to kick out the 
criminal because they lie and say i am one, none of those people had
any proof i'd anything wrong, but everyday someone calls me a pedophile.
I'm sorry that's a criminal designation, with several extremely serious
definitions. Chief among them, that is a word for people who have
molested or had sex with children, people kill people like that,
at the drop of a dime. It is SO DANGEROUS to hound an innocent
man with no proof using that word that can get me killed.
You must not use that word. Classy people talk about it in other ways,
without that word and all that comes with it, classless slobs throw it 
around all the time, that's an accusation that can get people killed
you should not throw it around like it's calling you "shithead".