please tell me what you think of the first amendment, i just wrote,
and schedule b, the letter to TPS. Never has anything been more heartbreaking,
or more wonderful, our revenge. It is in sight now.

We have every right to bee angry at them.

We have every right to our revenge.

It's a trap set by the founders, or a test, one day you will take over this land in the name of my equality,
your will run rampant making every law possible to hurt us with, as we will have ceased to be equal long ago,
then one day, one of us will stand up and say no, we should be equal, and when we are,
those laws turn on you like a bear trap, you are excluded from anything useful at all,
siphoned off to the streets, die, with your families, in no homes, with no jobs, your judges in prison,
your party banned, your college professor rots in prison, not all that much did he ever know,
the girl you stole comes back to us, because we are rich and you are homeless and poor,
they side naturally with whoever is winning, and many of them sold out their own selves
just to side with a winner, but oops, those are going away, in civil suits we'll take the houses you have,
you will spend 4 hours on a hate crimes hotline, trying to report being spit on, the call will drop then, try again,
but the regular police services you have been excluded from, you picked yours, now eat it,
our calls are picked up in seconds, all of this so easy, the laws already there,

We just need to convince a roomfull of judges, that white people are fully human,
and capable of anything.

From
Stored with zero-access encryption
Thesulfurgod@protonmail.com<thesulfurgod@protonmail.com>
Star message
Sent
Has 3 attachments (6.98 MB)
4:44 AMMonday, June 1st, 2026 at 4:44 AM
To
hrto.registrar@Ontario.ca<hrto.registrar@ontario.ca>
Hide details
Monday, June 1st, 2026 at 4:44 AM

SUBJECT: FILING: Form 10 and Form 23 (Clarification) - New Application -Brendan S. Rose v. Toronto Police Services Board (Hate Crimes Unit)
Hello Dear Registrar,

NOTE: Address for Hate Crimes Unit on TPS Website leads to address that doesn't exist.
According to my mailer daemon as interpreted by Gemini. So it has been resent to their
legal department, this should work. Please be advised further Amendments to the Form 1,
may be filed soon, in order to correct the improper service address provided to the public.

Message Body As Sent Previously:

It has been a long night.
Attached is my Amendment 1 to Form 1, which I submitted previously,
and delivered to the Toronto Police Services (Hate Crimes Unit),
and the Form 10 requesting the Amendment be added to the file.

It is a clarification to my non-monetary remedy,
as I was concerned I would be misunderstood,
also detailing the issues raised by the filing.

Thank you,
I am sorry to deliver this on the weekend.

ATTACHMENTS:

1.  FORM 23 - Statement of Delivery
2.  FORM 1 - Brendan Rose
3.  FORM 10 - Brendan Rose


Regards,
Brendan Rose
[Human Rights Self-Rep Litigant Specializing in the HRTO / Musician / App Developer / Company Boss / Loving Father of a Son / 100% Dad ]
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com
www.lokiskingdom.com
x


Sent with Proton Mail secure email.

Show original message