SCHEDULE A:

The Applicant submits this Schedule A, a conversation with TPS
over the topic of Disability Accomodations in order to proceed with a police
report regarding an assault against me by an Old South East Asian man
(an incident of spitting):

Request for Accomodations - Brendan Rose - Email Only Reporting Requested
Thesulfurgod@protonmail.com<thesulfurgod@protonmail.com>
JUSTICE FOR ALL
Has 1 attachment (10.33 MB)
12:08 AM Monday, June 1st, 2026 at 12:08 AM
To
14division@torontopolice.on.ca
Monday, June 1st, 2026 at 12:08 AM

Hello 14 Division,

Here is my activation number for my police report you said i could file: 1125359


I request accommodations. As in person communication is difficult and frightening
to me due to my mental illness, and i fear in person contact would spiral into a mess
of a situation, where i might have a breakdown or faint if you are intimidating enough,
even if you don't intend to be. I am afraid of you guys, because of of the probably
12 months of individual instances of being shoved in a cold cell in CAMH,
all month long, over the course of my life, the worst place in the entire world, 
the thing i fear more than assault or humiliation. 
Losing my dignity by being spit upon is hard,
as I am a man who needs his dignity, as i have been through hell,
but another month in CAMH is a hell i cannot possibly endure again,
if they put me in CAMH, I would go mad. Mad with grief, the suffering
intolerable, though it never ends.....


anyway, for that reason I'm afraid to talk to you in person,
Can we arrange accommodations on the grounds of mental illness,
check your policies, you allow this, for me to communicate
in the method i have chosen which aligns with my conditions,
I would like to make my report right here right now in email form
which your policies allow. Your officers told me about it, indirectly,
when i was reporting what i thought was a murderer in 2024 or so,
at your College Site, maybe earlier. So i request this protection.


I would like to report in email form,
if you have any questions, just email me back,
and I'll reply, we can exchange emails for as long
as is needed to make my report.


Please tell me if this is granted or not, if not,
explain why it is an undue burden?


My position is this, I have given you the number up above,
I would like these accommodations.
If you cannot provide them, then i choose to not report,
and I will note this in my HRTO complaint if it is given
a confirmation number. My preference is to report via email,
which i am entitled to do. If you do not agree,
my position becomes, please do not communicate with me
further by phone or in person, and I will return to the case
against the hate crimes unit currently under consideration
at HRTO, or rather, will be in the morning on monday,
when they get the filing.

I hope you will agree to these terms, I'd love to tell you about the event.
I'll start now, send any questions you want, i'm happy to talk for days if needed.

I am to make a report tomorrow, to a police officer,
regarding an assault against me, a spitting event, by a man i described to you,
who is known to me. I have his picture included here.....

Yeah that's him turning away from the camera,
the coward spit on me. Or tried to, maybe he was the one who
did the other spittings. Spit found on me, 2 times in 2 weeks, plus this,
1 instance of a guy with a big blunt weapon waiting outside across
the road when i exited shoppers drug mart getting my lithium to scare me probably,
waving his weapon around. When I told him it was a weapon he was brandishing,
he dropped his weapon, as i continued to explain that he was brandishing a deadly
weapon and that is highly illegal, he dropped it again and again, like a butterfingers....
There was also the old man, a particular old man was spitting everywhere in rage that i exist,
and play my music, he hates, like they all do. Everyone hates my music,
that is the actual motive for these crimes against me, but the music is 
inexorably tied to my mental illness, so I say this is motivated by mental illness
even if they don't know fully that's what they're doing, in practice they are.
They are doing this because i'm mentally ill, there are other guys like me doing fine,
all over the place, because they're not mentally ill, and a big bombastic music act
that never quits full of bold pronouncements and loud jokes and points about the law
and stuff, yeah people see this Tornado of me and think, i wanna hurt that guy,
I wanna spit on him and make him cry, they often bring up my little boy who i never
met since you took my wife away 5 years ago when i was stupid enough to call you for help,
I wanted you to warn her to stop breaking stuff like doors, she needed a hug not a gag order,
you guys are insane. There was no reason to break up my family, neither of us was a danger to the other,
I did not want her to continue breaking things, so i thought, ok, i'll call the police, they'll warn her,
and then, while i scream and cry begging you not to, you charge her as if it was my decision,
her mother begged me to drop the charges, i tried to explain that i couldn't,
but she didn't understand, she hasn't talked to me in 5 years, never will, because she thinks i did that.
So i hate you, to me you are monsters, i don't like you. you ruined my family,
and for a lot of guys, that is enough. I am sorry if that hurts your feelings, but my family was all i had,
without my wife, my little dog had to be taken away somewhere i'll never see, in some farm,
I'm certain he has come to harm, it's just a feeling, I know he's not safe there, i think he died.
my little cat tequila, our brand new kitten, we raised from being a kitten, got thrown away, to
another family, because my wife was gone because of you, you put her in jail and she was pregnant,
WHY? Why would you do something that cruel and stupid? What's wrong with you guys,
it's like you see human beings as pots to smash, instead of real people with feelings who
feel pain when you hurt them, you don't care when you hurt people, like me, like my son, my 
baby, my pregnant wife, why did you do all this? Why? My last little cat was lost in kingston road,
when i lost my family, and everyone in chinatown also took my dignity, and i arrived in kingston,
i lost my mind, after i was taken away, my last little cat was gone. Neko, I raised her from birth at 3 months old in 2016, she was an angry old woman who hated being mistreated, if you humiliate her
she had no problem scratching you, but if you were kind to her, she was kind to you, and loved being pet. Why? She's gone TPS, I have no one now, no one but my new mom julia. And my brothers in this house. I'm crying now.

One day in 2024 i stole a cat, i just wanted one,
I missed having a cat so much, i was off my meds, 
so i just picked one up and stole it.
I gave it food and milk and water,
and watched it eat, it was scared a bit, 
but it could see i was nice, and it was
it liked when i petted it. I was not well,
I lacked medication.

So it took you guys about 7 minutes to arrive,
you pounded on the door, demanding i open it,
i had put a little lock on the door for privacy.
You were in the backyard shouting at me,
eventually you began kicking the door, 
You kicked Julia's door down.
She is an 80 year old woman, 
was there no other alternative.
Julia spent weeks fixing that door,
for me, so i would have a room again,
because she loves me, she fixed that door
all on her own.
She hurt her leg doing that,
She'll never recover,
The doctor says she needs surgery to fix it but she's afraid to,
You permanently ruined her leg, an old woman, because she wanted to help me.

We are not bugs to step on TPS
Your wellness checks are a horror,
the things you have done to me and my family are a horror movie.

It reminds me of leatherface, the amount of compassion you guys show,
we're not just toys to break, we are people, why do you do things like this?
Why do you do such evil things to human beings who have value because they are children of God?

He is always sitting around here.
When i walked past him,
I turned, and he was in the process of spitting.
He spit towards me, directing the spit
down and to the left, likely to avoid
what he was attempting to do,
in order to avoid getting caught,
and charged, which is possible after
my report I'm sure. This might be
the first time a crime against me
has been punished, in any way,
like me pressing charges. So I'm looking forward to talking with you.

But as my mental illness, makes in person communication difficult
and scary, please grant the accommodation, so we can email,
and talk more...... You will probably be suspicious of this,
thinking it is some damn strategy, but i make the request at the HRTO too,
I cannot handle in person communications, due to my illness,
I need this accommodation to make my report, please grant it,
i have had a hard life.



ok guys, that's my position, I request this accommodation,
if you agree, tell me, if you don't agree, tell me why.

Otherwise I choose not to report, because you're scary,
and I'll note this in the file when it's sensible to do so.

I don't need a wellness check, or a month in a stone cell to relax,
what's wrong with you? What's wrong with you?
I'm fine, a bit sad, the crying has stopped, my cheeks are still wet with tears
thinking about all my loved ones you have hurt, and then what you've done to me.
I don't need a wellness check, it's abusive.

Please don't call, please don't show up,
Email if you wish to talk about the crime done to me,
otherwise please do not hurt me anymore,
and leave us alone, please. I beg you.

Thank you.

Regards,
Brendan Rose
[Human Rights Self-Rep Litigant Specializing in the HRTO / Musician / App Developer / Company Boss / Loving Father of a Son / 100% Dad ]
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com
www.lokiskingdom.com


Sent with Proton Mail secure email.