Yeah. So, in this call, um I call uh not police non-emergency line to report, uh three hate crimes. It was actually four, but anyway. Um and so they put me on hold for about 40 minutes and then I realized, wait a second, I should be calling the hate crime unit. I call the hate crime unit. They uh talk to me for about 35 seconds. Uh I say I'm mentally ill and someone was spitting on me. It's a hate motivated crime and he's putting me through the 51 division without even listening to the report or anything that happened. Immediately because of my race and mental illness status, he puts me through to uh 51 division, which wasn't even the right division. It's it's the other side of the city. Uh I then get transferred by 51 division to 14 division, my good old friends. 14 division put me on hold for an hour and 5 minutes or So, and then I tried to report the hate motivated crime. Um, the spitting on me because of my protected characteristics mental illness. Uh, this happened three times in two weeks. The near most recent incident was today and uh she uh the lady on the line um puts me through to wants to put me through to mental illness support services to to help me get a psychop. rist I already have and some hot meals during the day. I I wanted the hate crime unit to take the report. She considers it complete madness and puts me through to mental illness meals and they'll take the report soon sometime tonight.

[I'll be waiting for them in my suit.]

Intelligence Francisc.
Hi. Uh is this the right place to report a potential hate crime?
Um where did it What happened?
Uh, well, someone spit on me when I was walking to buy a suit today. I didn't see who it was, but it's probably because I'm mentally ill. And also, this has happened a few time in uh in the last week and a half. I've been spit on twice and one guy tried it a third time.
And what does your mental being mentally ill have to do with the fact that you didn't see who did it? I didn't say that.
You said you didn't see who did it, who spit at you.
It was likely motivated by my mental illness because of my odd behavior. I didn't say it it was had anything to do with me not knowing who it was.
Oh, okay. So, where did it happen?
Uh, it h it happened sometime on the way between King West and Moore's downtown. Uh, around Young Street.
So Young and
uh I think it was it's close to King.
Young and King. Okay, hang on.
Um but it could have been anywhere. I I didn't notice until I got to the suit store and I I was trying on suits and then I saw my shirt had spit all over it.
Okay. Okay. I'm gonna put you through to 251 division. Okay, you can do a report with them. Hang on two seconds.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you for calling. Please wait while we transfer your call to the next avail.
Hello.
Hi. Sorry, one moment. Let me just sit down. Uh, I'd like to report four hate crimes. Uh, one of which was a threat to my life. The rest were spitting incidents. I tried the hate crime unit, but they
I tried the hate crime unit, but they put me through to 51 division, which wasn't the right division. They put me through to you. So, how do I report the hate crime?
Okay. What is your phone number?
437432-9165.
What's your name?
Brendan Rose.
And your address, Brendan?
11 Stanley Avenue, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. You likely have it on file. Is that an apartment or a house?
It's a house.
What's the closest major intersection?
I think King and Tamson.
Are you close to Lakeshore?
No.
Hello.
No.
Hello.
Yep. Give me one moment. Just trying to locate you.
Yeah, that's fine. Is everything okay?
King and where? Sorry.
Near King and Tecumpsy. T E C U M S E T H. I was unhappy because people are spitting on me because I'm mentally ill. Uh they spat on me in the last two weeks. You're
close to King. You're close to King in Niagara, right?
I think so. So, I was upset because uh I was spit on twice because I'm mentally ill and an old man tried to do it a third time. I I don't know who did the first two cuz they kind of just do it and walk away. Uh but the old man uh he tried to and then I told him that uh spitting on someone is assault and he decided not to. Um and then the third
Who are these people that are doing this?
What?
Who are these people? Two of them I wasn't sure. The one that happened today, I didn't see who did it. The one that was about a week and a half ago, I didn't see who did it. Uh the old man who was threatening to spit on me, uh I I'm not sure if I'd recognize him if I saw him, but he lives around here. And the uh the fourth incident is a guy when I was leaving Shoppers Drug Mart. Uh there was a guy across the road spinning around a staff like Donatello and uh and he was using it basically to menace me. Uh I told I I told him that he was using that as a weapon and He got scared and dropped it and he started picking it up. I kept telling him why he shouldn't be menacing people with weapons and he kept dropping it. It was very It was almost comical, but he was doing it to scare me cuz I'm mentally ill. I reported it to I tried to report it to the hat.
How did this happen?
Uh the incident with the most recent spinning incident happened today when I was going to Moore's suit store. walking from King and Baurst to Moore's suit store at Young and uh King and then uh the
Any weapons involved?
What?
Any weapons involved?
No. Well, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There was the guy with the stick. He had a a a big giant uh stick like Donatello and he was swinging it around to menace me. So, there was a weapon. Yeah. Everyone around here is crazy. They all hate me because of my music mostly. But uh yeah, it's it's getting absurd now. Stuff like this happens every other day. I reported it to the hate crime division and uh I tried to at least he heard the word mental illness and just immediately transfer me to 51 division within within one minute. He didn't even listen to my report. Complete throw it in the garbage can. I thought ill people had protection under the law. Still, are we excluded now too? I'd actually appreciate an answer on them.
Definitely not excluded from the law.
Okay. So, what's your name? You're Oh, sorry. You're Brandon, right?
I I I meant not the law. I meant uh the hate crime unit. Are we excluded from the hate crime unit if we're mentally ill. Is that
absolutely not? Okay, Brandon, when is your birthday?
Why didn't he take the call seriously? Why did he just throw
I am not sure. I wasn't on the phone with you. I would have question. When's your birthday, Brandon?
April 29, 1985. Is it possible I could get the badge number of the the guy at the hate crime unit who I talked to? I might like to file an HRT.
I don't know who you spoke to.
I have no idea who you spoke to. I wasn't on the call and I have no access to that information.
I see. Okay.
Okay. Give me one moment.
I would definitely like to file an insure to your complaint. It It's absurd. He He should have taken that call. He passed me off on to you. But then he didn't listen to my complaint. He didn't take any of it seriously. He just heard the word mental illness and for some reason he is passing me off on to you in less than one minute.
Okay. All right, Brandon. So, just based on everything that you've shared with me. I think the best option here would be transferring you over to a service called Toronto Community Crisis Service.
Tell me, let them know you're damn ward. That's your answer.
No, Brandon, that's not what's going to happen. Absolutely not. They're going to speak to you. They will be able to hear you out on all of your concerns and they'll be able to offer you some resources and maybe get you some assistance.
They can send a unit out to see you if poss if
they will if it's required. They can send somebody out to see you.
Um, and And yeah, they'll be offer they'll be better suited to offer you services.
When you say services, do you mean access to the hate crime unit for filing a report of a hate motivated crime? Uh spitting on someone is assault. It is a hate motivated assault.
Okay, Brandon, is it okay if I transfer you to TCC?
I'd prefer not to. I got to just clarify what's going on here. Uh I don't see why I should be put through to a mental illness support line that will tell me where to get free food and uh and lodging. I have plenty of food and lodging. I'm living perfectly comfortably at home. My psychiatrist is happy with me mostly.
Okay.
There there's no mental crisis.
Brandon, this is the this is the issue. Okay. What you're explaining to me is not a hate crime. Um you don't know. You're just assuming that it's a hate crime, which it it could possibly be. I don't know. I'm not there. I don't experience it. So, it could be. But you're not This is not what we would consider a hate crime.
If someone spits on someone for a protective characteristic
and it spit on you, Brandon, are you going to let me talk to speak or do you just want to speak?
Okay. So, if somebody spit on you and there was actual contact made, then yes, that's a solved. I can put a call up for you. But again, you're saying that this is something that happened weeks ago and somebody attempted to spit on you recently.
It happened.
You said somebody attempted to Yes. but didn't make contact. Correct.
There were three incidents of spitting in two weeks. Today it happened and it happened a week ago and a week and a half ago.
So it happened
by different people, right?
Yes.
Okay.
When you spit on someone for a protected characteristic, that's a hate crime, right?
Am I wrong? You're you're putting me through to
That is wrong. It's not
free food for mental illness.
No, this wouldn't be a hate crime and I am not going to if you don't want want to be transferred to TCCS and that's perfectly fine. I'm going to put a call up for you for
transfer me over to
No, it's fine. I'm going to put a call up for you.
Okay, Brandon, what would you like to do? Do you want me to transfer you to PCCS or would you like officers to come and see you about being spit on?
I'd like to come and see me about being spit on so I can file a report.
Okay, sounds good. I will get that up for you right now. Okay. How
When will they be here?
Officers will come out and see you. I wouldn't be able to tell you. It just depends on when a unit becomes available.
Um, okay.
Okay.
Uh, is everything okay? I mean, are are they are they are they going to take me away to a ward? Be honest.
Brenda, why would they why would they take you away?
There there have been many times when I've been taken to warts by police. It's
okay. Well, you haven't told me that you've done anything wrong.
So, I'm not sure why you think police are going to take you away
because because I'm scared of you guys.
Okay. So, Brandon, this is this is why I said that I think Okay, Brandon, listen to what I'm saying to you for a moment. Okay,
listen.
I know that you're scared. I know that you're scared. I can totally understand that. But that's why I think that TCCS might be the better option for you.
No,
because they will offer you resources.
Officers coming out to see you mental health support.
I have all that.
Okay. So then I'm going to put the call up like I was saying for assault. Officers will come and see you when they become available. Okay.
Thank you.
You're very welcome. I'm going to disconnect the line now. Try to have a good night. Okay.
You too. I'm sorry that there was
All right.
It was the thing is uh you talk very fast. So before I know it, I'm talking over you. I wasn't even trying to talk over you. It It's just You you talk really fast. I didn't even notice until Yeah. No,
it's perfectly fine. Don't worry. You don't need to be sorry. Okay. I've got this up for you. Officers will come out and speak with you as soon as they become available.
Okay. Thank you.
If anything changes, you can always give us a call back. All right.
Uh yeah. If possible, could you guys come tomorrow instead of coming in the middle of the night?
The only thing I can do for you right now is record all the information that you provided and you can call back in the morning and open it when you're ready to see officers. Do you want to do that?
Can you send them in the morning?
I can't send them in the morning. No, I can't do that for you. Only thing that I can do for you is put the call up, right? Sorry, put the call filed away right now and then you will call in the morning and let us know that you want to open it and you want officers to come out and see you.
Uh, why don't you just have them come whenever? I'll I'll stay up or something. Uh,
give give me a call before they arrive. Okay. Okay, sounds good.
Thank you.
All right, Brandon. Good night. Bye. Bye. Bye.
Chat
📞
The Disconnect: Mental Illness and Hate Crime Reporting
1 source
·
May 30, 2026
This source contains a transcript of a call where a man named Brendan Rose attempts to report multiple hate crimes involving being spat on and menaced with a stick. He believes these incidents are hate-motivated assaults targeting his mental illness, yet he expresses frustration that the Hate Crime Unit dismissed his claims and transferred him to other divisions. The police dispatcher argues that these events do not meet the legal criteria for a hate crime and repeatedly offers mental health support services instead. Throughout the exchange, Rose voices concerns about being discriminated against by law enforcement due to his psychiatric history and fears being involuntarily hospitalized. Ultimately, the dispatcher agrees to file an assault report and offers to send officers to his home when they are available.

What defines a hate crime according to the police dispatcher?
How did the different police units respond to Brendan's report?
What were the specific incidents Brendan tried to report as crimes?
Ask a question or create something
1 source
Studio
🎉
Try new Mind Map customizations!
Audio Overview
Slide Deck
Video Overview
Mind Map
Reports
Flashcards
Quiz
Infographic
Data Table
Reporting a hate crime while mentally ill
Deep Dive · 1 source · 1m ago
