HUMAN RIGHTS TRIBUNAL OF ONTARIO BETWEEN:
 
Brendan S. Rose, Applicant

-and-

Toronto Police Hate Crimes Unit, Respondent 

DECLARATION OF Brendan Samuel Rose IN SUPPORT OF FORM 16

SIGNED DELCARATION

1) In the last week and a half, 
I have been assaulted 4 times.

2) The assaults are motivated by
a hatred of my nervous behavior due
to my mental illness, and therefore
hatred on the grounds of mental illness.

3) The first was a spitting incident,
I was spat upon about a week and a half ago
in a likely hate motivated incident,
as my entire neighborhood is up in arms.

4) They continually accuse me of crimes
I am not guilty of in order to justify
violent threats, attacks, and hate crimes
like assault (spitting.)

5) These Rumors are spread by a man named
Tony at 14 Stanley Ave, across the road 
from my home.

6) Tony's lies have resulted in people breaking
into my home to hurt me while taking pictures in our home.

7) Tony's lies have resulted in people chasing me through
the streets trying to kill or hurt me, these events date
back to 2024.

8) Tony's lies continue endlessly,
telling everyone and everyone he can
about the baseless lie. The citizens
believing this, attack and humiliate me
or threaten or mock me at ever available
opportunity. I am a pariah.

9) I am not guilty of the crimes Tony has
accused me of.

10) This has created an atmosphere of mob violence,
and mob retaliation for the crimes he ascribes to me
which i am not guilty of.

11) These lies are likely to result in my death.

12) Recently 1.5 weeks ago, a man or woman spat on me,
in my neighborhood, where all the crazy friends of Tony live.
It was clearly motivated by this, confirmed for them
because i am awkward and nervous and now afraid.

13) Later in the same neighborhood, an old man was spitting around me,
I went to the side to avoid it, and he became angry,
spitting more in every direction, with a look of hatred in his eyes.
He believe me to be a monster. He believes Tony's lies.

14) Police did not allow me to report this incident, they shouted at me
until i went quiet, then filibustered over me their frustration.
The conversation did not progress as far as what happened in each incident.
They were enraged I had called it a hate crime.

15) The incident is based on my mentally ill awkwardness,
confirming in their mind Tony's lies. I was targeted
because I am mentally ill, a protected characteristic.

16) The Hate Crimes Unit threw away the report because I am white,
immediately transferring me away from the hate crimes unit within
mere seconds of hearing my race through my voice.
Asking for hate speech charges based on mental illness had no effect,
it was considered irrelevant.

17) They instead directed me to free food of low quality for insane people,
as an alternative to filing charges with the wrong division (14).
Free food was given as an alternative to filing a report.
They then threatened a wellness check when i refused.

18) Wellness checks are the forcible entry into a persons house
breaking down doors if needed to send them to a stone cell for 1 month
in reprisal for HRTO complaints and things like that.
Which are considered mental illness, and therefore applied.
The facilites are tantamount to torture, it is one month
with insane deranged criminals with no escape, jail is likely better.

19) My landlord Julia had to fix the door after the last time
they broke in, her leg has never recovered, even 2 years later,
she requires surgery, which she is too frightened to do.

20) When I called asking them to cancel the wellness check
while mentioning the HRTO to a man who was now correctly identifying me
as a Human Rights Lawyer, not a fool who accidentally found the wrong number.
His statements were rather terrifying in context.
He told me he would issue a standdown order,
but dispatch might just ignore the order and break
in in the middle of the night. This would likely
break property and furniture in the house like doors,
and repairing this would likely injure her horrifically.

21)They still might break in, it's only 4 AM, it would be unwise to sleep,
as they officers might break in at any time, ignoring the fact that i am sane,
and lock me in a prison of torture for 1 month, where human rights abuses
are commonplace, and service against respondents blocked by structure and procedure
(my psychiatrist doesn't read my emails, they're given to a specialized team
to deflect service.) The wellness check and month long imprisonment (sometimes life sentences or lobotomy) They use compassionate language to mask their evil behavior.

22) On the way to buy a suit at moores, someone managed to spit on me in a third incident,
and i didn't notice until this occurred. The hate crime unit said, since i didn't see
who did it, it's not a hate crime, it's fine. Go to 14 division. 14 division threatened
me with torture and imprisonment, and a bust on my house, breaking things and scaring people.

23) They are brutal and vindictive.

24) The only reason the police didn't come, was because I told them about the HRTO, in the manner
they'd expect from a Human Rights Lawyer, and they realized in an active complaint,
breaking in for nothing and imprisoning me all month long as usual, their go to solution
for all encounters with me for my entire life, would look crazy,
it would appear to be reprisal which it was, and they abandoned it probably.

25) They may still arrive, they have never helped me, only done this torture.

26) The one and only thing they ever did for me, was put my pregnant wife in prison
for a minor dispute, which they interpreted under their rules as something that 
requires automatic charges, even though it was a wife having a pregnant tantrum,
and she only wanted a hug. I cried and cried screaming as i begged them not to take
my wife away and charge her, it was completely insane, they charged her anyway
while I the victim begged them not to, their procedure necessitates even minor
disputes require the total destruction of the marriage with forced unwanted
charges and gag orders on my wife, investigating the leaks when she sent me
pictures of baby clothes, for a baby i have never met, now 5. She will never
forgive what they did to her, she thinks it was me, it wasn't.
Therefore I am unhappy when they want to break down the door to see if i am ok
and make sure with a month in a horrible jail cell, being tortured, which are
the conditions in those facilities, and the characterization is true.
I have a long history with them doing brutal hurtful and painful things
to me and anyone around me. My wife left for good to save my child from seeing
people like that, drive me mad, get tortured repeatedly, constantly cry and weep,
and likely die at the hands of crazy mob inspired lunatics. She kept my son from me
I think because no child should see that happen to their beloved father,
he lives happy, until he matures. This institution is as bad as the worst
in history, or worse.

27) I noticed the most recent incident of spitting when i got to Moore's to change into my suit.
I called it in the same day, mere hours past when it happened. I am very concerned that
this crazed mob sent by Tony, will spit on me continually for the rest of my life,
likely not a full one. I am a person who demands his dignity, I cannot tolerate
being humiliated, spitting on me continually, would likely make me lose my mind,
at which point they'd scoop me up, put me in CAMH, for a month of torture,
emerging stringy and tired, body in pain.

28) The officer at the hate crimes unit began expelling me as soon as
he heard my voice sounded white. He immediately transferred me out of the
hate crimes unit, and to regular police, who committed reprisal and the threat
of reprisal. And offered low quality food rather than filing a report, which is rarely delivered.

29) I live in terror at all times, all day every day, even the slightest sound from outside my room by the door, sends me running to see if the police have arrived for a wellness check,
and the torture will begin soon. It is a fear I can never escape. It is what I fear most in this world, maybe more than death itself. This torture is brutal and traumatizing and should be a violation of the Geneva conventions.

30) I was not allowed to talk long enough to explain that in one incident, the perpetrator was known or at least seen. In another, it was today. In a third someone had a deadly weapon
and they were seen by me. 3 or 4 of the incidents took place in my neighborhood,
in the vicinity of Tony's slanderous lies he spreads to everyone, even children.
They didn't want to listen, they wanted to shout at me in a filibuster and then
yell at me am i going to let them talk when i tried to get a word in edgewise,
ultimately dismissing the call on the grounds of things i would have explained if they had let
me talk even a little bit.

31) I believe $500 dollars is required to ensure I can fight the case with some
dignity and food. Which are both lacking. Otherwise I shall begin to starve in a week or 2.
Which will affect the case badly. Should they win their case, it can be recovered by them.
The wellness checks must stop while proceedings are occurring, as they color the process
as endorsing the practise

32) These 4 incidents were hate crimes.

I make this solemn declaration conscientiously believing it to be true, and knowing that it is of the same force and effect as if made under oath.

The Signature Block:
                   I --------------------------------
Declared at the City of Toronto, in the Province of Ontario, this _____ day of ____________, 2026.