
The Wellness Check Cancellation and Hate Crime Report
PRO
Sources
TPS takes call for standard assault case.mp3
Source guide
The text consists of a transcribed call to the Toronto Police Communications Center, beginning with a long automated menu that distinguishes between emergency response, city services via 311, and online reporting for minor crimes. A caller named Brendan Rose eventually connects with an operator to report an assault involving spitting, providing a meticulous physical description of the suspect despite acknowledging his own history of mental illness and neighborhood conflicts. The interaction serves to illustrate the procedural transition from a non-urgent automated system to a human operator who validates the incident as a criminal matter rather than a wellness check. Ultimately, the source highlights the tension between maintaining personal dignity and navigating law enforcement protocols for non-violent but offensive offenses.











operator. All operators are busy assisting other callers. If you are calling to have a parking enforcement officer dispatched, please be advised that for your convenience, parking complaints can be made online. The quickest and easiest way to file a parking complaint is online. Visit www.tps.ca slservices slash online-reporting slashparking-complaint-access slash The right call gets you the right help. If you are calling with regards to mental health support, housing, child and family services, community programs, elder assistance, or newcomer support, please hang up and dial 211.
If you are calling with regards to city related services, such as animal complaints or noise complaints, please hang up and dial 311.
Police only respond to calls with potential safety issues or instances of criminality. Online reporting is the quickest and most convenient way to file multiple reports. If you are calling to report neighborhood traffic issues, concerns or driving complaints, graffiti, or theft of gas from a gas station, fraud under 5,000 or theft under 10,000 including theft from vehicles, damage to property, or vehicles under 5,000 that is not related to a collision. These reports can be made online. Please note that theft reports under $10,000 will be processed through online reporting. If you are unable to report online, please remain on the line for an operator to assist you. For more information and online reporting, Visit www.tbs.ca/report. Police officers are available to speak with you and provide advice or answer any questions you may have. They are equipped to assist over the phone with non-urgent matters such as neighbor disputes, harassment, and community engagement. If you would like to speak to an officer regarding a non-urgent police matter, find your local at www.tpbs.ca/my-neighborhood slash. The phone number for each division is 416808x0000. For example, 42 division would be 41684200 0. Please note that police do not take reports for the following lost property, lost Canadian passports, or lost identification. Please call Service Canada at 1 800622 6232. Lost international passports must be reported in person at your local police station. All operators are busy assisting other callers. The next Ailable operator will assist you. I think this my last You have reached the Toronto Police Communications Center.
The spitting.
All operators are busy assisting other callers.
Your call will be answered by the next available operator.
Rapidly result in lawsuits and prosecutions. I will press charges if you allow me.
All operators are busy assisting other callers. If you are calling to have a parking enforcement officer dispatched, please be advised that for your convenience, parking complaints can be made online. The Quickest and easiest way to file a parking complaint is online. Visit www.tps.ca slashservices online-reporting slparking-complaint-access.
The right call gets you the right help.
If you are calling with regards to mental health support, housing, child and family services, community programs, elder assistance, or newcomer support, please hang up and dial 211.
If you are calling with regards to city related services, such as animal complaints or noise complaints, please hang up and dial 311. Police only respond to calls with potential safety issues or instances of criminality.
Online reporting is the quickest and most convenient way to file multiple reports. If you are calling to report neighborhood traffic issues, concerns, or driving complaint,
graffiti, or theft of gas from a gas station, fraud under 5,000, or theft under 10,000, including theft from vehicles, damage to property, or vehicles under 5,000 that is not related to a collision. These reports can be made online. Please note that theft reports under 10 $,000 will be processed through online reporting. If you are unable to report online, please remain on the line for an operator to assist you. For more information and online reporting, visit www.tbs.ca/report. Police officers are available to speak with you and provide advice or answer any questions you may have.
They are equipped to assist over the phone. with non-urgent matters such as neighbor disputes, harassment, and community engagement.
If you would like to speak to an officer regarding a non-urgent police matter, find your local station at www.tbs.ca/my-neighborhood slash. The phone number for each division is 4168 xx 0. 0. For example, 42 division would be 4168084200 0. Please note that police do not take reports for the following. Lost property, lost Canadian passports, or lost identification. Please call Service Canada at 1 800 622 6232. Lost international passports must be reported in person at your local police station. All operators are busy assisting other callers. The next available operator will assist you. You have reached the Toronto Police Communications Center. All operators are busy assisting other callers. Your call will be answered by the next available operator. All operators are busy assisting other callers. If you are calling to have a parking enforcement officer dispatched, please be advised that for your convenience, parking complaints can be made online. The quickest and easiest way to file a parking complaint is online. Visit www.tps.ca/services/online-reportingward slashparking- complaint dash access forward slash
the right call gets you the right help
if you are calling with regards to mental health support
no I don't need support
child and family services
good place to live
community
program is happy with me
elder assistance
or newcomer support please hang up and dial 211
about the assault
if you are calling with regards to city related services such as animal complaints or noise complaints please hang up and Dial 311. Police only respond to calls with potential safety issues or instances of criminality.
There's an instance of criminality.
Online reporting is the quickest and most convenient way to file multiple reports.
If you are calling to report neighborhood traffic issues,
okay,
concerns or driving complaints,
graffiti or theft of gas from a gas station, fraud under 5,000, or theft under 10,000, including theft from vehicles, damage to property, or vehicles under 5,000 that is not related to a collision. These reports can be made online. Please note that theft reports under $10,000 will be processed through online reporting. If you are unable to report online, please remain on the line for an operator to assist you. For more information and online reporting, visit www.tpbs. ba slashreport police officers are available to speak with you and provide advice or answer any questions you may have. They are equipped to assist over the phone with non-urgent matters such as neighbor disputes, harassment, and community engagement. If you would like to speak to an officer regarding a non-urgent police matter, find your local station at www.tbs.ca. forward slashmy-nighborhood slash. The phone number for each division is 416808 xx 0. For example, 42 division would be 41684200 0. Please note that police do not take reports for the following lost property, lost Canadian passport, reports or lost identification,
please call Service Canada at 1 800622 6232.
Lost international passports must be reported in person at your local police station.
Would have just let him get away.
All operators are busy assisting other callers. The next available operator will assist you. You have reached the Toronto Police. center. All operators are busy assisting other callers. Your call will be answered by the next available operator. All operators are busy assisting other callers. If you are calling to have a parking enforcement officer dispatched, please be advised that for your convenience, parking complaints can be made online. The quickest and easiest way to file a parking complaint is online. Visit w www.tps.ca slservicesline-reporting slparking-complaint dash access forward slash the right call gets you the right help. If you are calling with regards to mental health support, housing, child and family services, community programs, elder assistance, or newcomer support, Please hang up and dial 2111. If you are calling with regards to city related services such as animal complaints or noise complaints, please hang up and dial 311. Police only respond to calls with potential safety issues or instances of criminality. Online reporting is the quickest and most convenient way to file multiple reports. If you are calling to report neighborhood traffic, issue concerns or traffic complaints. Graffiti or theft of gas from a gas station, fraud under 5,000 or theft under 10,000, including theft from vehicles, damage to property, or vehicles under 5,000 that is not related to a collision.
Hi, I'd like to uh report an assault, an incident of spitting or an attempt to spit on me from behind as I was walking by when I turned around. He saw that I was looking and he spit off to the side but still near me. Uh then I took his picture and went home. Can I report this crime? I'd like to press charges if possible.
What What's the address that you're
11 Stanley Avenue, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M6J184?
Okay, perfect. And are you injured at all? Do you need an ambulance or anything?
No, I don't get injured by almost being spit on. There was no violence of any kind. I did not threaten any anything. I just took his picture and walked off.
Okay.
Actually, I bought some some groceries at the Shoppers Drug Mart and then went home.
It's a very cruel thing to spin on the person.
Uh, it was about 30 or 40 minutes ago. But it's okay. I know the man. I have his picture, too. He's a regular around here. I can't believe he did that. His friend also I know very well. If we can't find him directly, we can find him through his friend who's always around.
And do you know his name?
No, I I'm not personally uh his in his inner circle. I just know him because he's always around. Okay. And can I just have a quick description of him? Is he black, white, Asian, Hispanic?
Uh, he looked uh h let let me look look at the picture to get an exact um he uh maybe Middle Eastern of some sort or Southeast Asian. Uh I'm I'm not uh I don't I can't tell but just by looking at him. He has slightly brown skin but not fully brown. Um he uh he hangs out with uh his friend
what's that?
How old did you say he is?
He's uh I look about 50 or 60.
Okay.
He's wearing a blue shirt with tan uh pants and a black watch on his left hand. He has very short kind of uh very slick uh black hair and uh That about covers it. Uh, let me check his shoes. He's wearing uh two a pair of sneakers. They have a green sort of bright dot on on the top side of one of them. Uh, it's got sort of a a black fabric and then on the front it's slightly more gray. Uh, and just standard sneakers, running shoes.
Okay. And how tall is he? Would you say
uh uh 5 foot five maybe almost six feet but I I don't think between 53 and I'm not good at gauging height. I I don't know that very well.
You say he's like a slim medium heavy bill.
Very uh he's a not a large man, a small man.
Oh god. And any previous violence interactions between the two of you?
No, but I'm well known as not liked in my neighborhood, usually due to my mental illness and my strange behavior.
Okay. And do you think he was drinking, doing any drugs or anything like that?
No, he's a very well put together character. He probably would hate people like that.
Okay. Any mental health issues for him?
No, he's probably completely neurotypical.
Okay. And any like threats, like verbal threats to harm?
No, he he didn't do anything like he just spit on me to rob me of my dignity. It's a horrible thing to do, spitting on a person. It's awful. I'm a man who values my dignity very much so. And this is the second incident of someone spitting on me. I've reported in two days. It's I I I guess I didn't make the full report on the other one, though I tried to. I may have called the wrong department. Um yeah, this is the second incident in two days. days. There have been two other incidents of someone spitting on me that I didn't find to find out who did it. Usually, as I'm walking by about where this guy hangs out, uh there were what what it was is there was an old man who was different than him who was trying to spit on me, spitting all over the place, but not getting me. I that that when I saw the guy, but I don't really remember him that well. Then before that, I was spit on maybe 5 days before. Uh five days after that. Uh probably the the the exact dates might elude me. Uh I was spit on again and uh then once more when I was going to M suit store, someone managed to get me in the chest without me even noticing. I found it out when I went to the suit store. Uh the there's been a lot of spitting on me lately.
Okay. What's your name?
Brendan Rose. What's your name? April 29. What's your name?
Okay. I give you my badge.
Yeah, that's good. The badge is better.
Yep. It's 8999.
Thank you.
All right. So, I'll put the call up for officers who come to you to take the report. Okay.
Okay. Um, may I just ask? All right. This will be an actual report on the crime, not a ill designed wellness. check cuz I'm actually fine. Other than maybe my dignity, I'm okay.
Oh, I understand that. Well, you're Yeah, you're reporting an assault like what happened and so yeah, they'll they'll come to take the report for that. Okay.
Okay. Thank you.
Yep. No problem. You take care.
Have a good day. Bye.
Now, that's how it should be done. Uh, that last sentence was after I hung up, by the way. for the deep dive who often get confused and think my monologues like this are actually uh said directly to the person at the end of a long and sensible conversation. They think I just ranted them like this. So that's it. TPS has responded to the non-hate crime report sensibly. If only they treated all hate crime reports as absurdity and just tell you to call the damn cops with this nonsense.