🚨
The Wellness Check Cancellation and Hate Crime Report
1 source
·
May 31, 2026
These sources document a distressing interaction between a resident, Brendan Rose, and various divisions of the Toronto Police Service. After being repeatedly spat upon, Rose attempts to report these incidents as hate crimes motivated by his mental illness. The transcripts reveal his mounting frustration as he is transferred between different units and offered social services instead of a criminal investigation. A significant portion of the text highlights Rose's intense fear of wellness checks, which he describes as traumatizing experiences that can lead to involuntary hospitalization. Ultimately, the dialogue concludes with Rose attempting to cancel his police request to avoid a late-night confrontation at his home. The sources collectively illustrate a profound breakdown in trust between a vulnerable individual and law enforcement.

The following is a conversation with 14 Division, a notoriously brutal and uh unpopular police division that happens to run my part of town. Um the conversation regards the events that are posted afterward and uh the officer is uh well I'm attempting to cancel a wellness check. A wellness check is uh if if you have a mental health condition, the wellness checks are genuinely terrifying. They break into your house. If you're not wanting that, they break down your door. He hasn't disconfirmed that they might break in in the middle of the night anyway, even though he canled it. Um the wellness checks result in if they want to, they'll take you to the ward. You'll spend a month in a stone cell full of insane, dangerous criminals and weird dingbats bullying and tormenting you like an animal in a cage. Uh there's no escape from the bullying monsters in those places. You're looking at stone walls with nothing to do for one month of your life. It is the most terrifying thing in the world. I'm trying to cancel it here as I had requested one. But as I realized I had called the wrong division, I attempted to stop it. He implied indirectly that some violence would be coming if I didn't cancel it. I'm here to test that theory. I wonder what happens when you file this at HRTO. What will the judges say?
Brendan Rose.
Okay. So,
Brendan Rose Okay. And you don't have like an occurrence number or anything?
No, I don't think so. Uh
Okay.
What's an occurrence number?
Uh well, that would be associated with the the case if it was created.
So, that's why I was asking because I'm
just looking it up here. Bear with me a second.
Do I have to do the report? I'd actually prefer not to. I'm I'd rather sleep. I'm busy and I don't think I was transferred to the right division. Anyway,
what was the report for?
Um,
do I have to get into it?
No. Uh, no, you don't. Uh, just I'm just going to check the board to see if there was accuracy.
Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Goodbye. Okay. So, well, yeah, in order to see if it was created, I need to see what type of
I was reporting uh some incidents of assault against me, spitting on me. And one man who uh tried to uh threaten me in or intimidate me with a deadly weapon when I was leaving Shoppers Drug Mart after getting my lithium.
Uh what was the address? 11 Stanley Avenue.
11 Stanley Avenue. Yes, I have it here.
Yes.
Uh, so it's still impending.
Can I cancel it? I I'd prefer not to do that. If it's mandatory, that's fine. I I'll talk to them. Uh,
no. So, you'd like to cancel it?
Yes. I I I I don't really need to make that report at this time for uh my purposes at this time. Uh,
cancel.
I sorry. I I I am considering filing an HRT or uh complaint against the hate crimes division. Uh anyway, uh can is that all? Can I get going?
Just bear with me. Yeah. So, you know what, sir? I'm gonna I'm gonna cancel I'm going to put a note saying that you'd like to cancel the the call. Um whether that happens or not, I I don't know if dispatch will see that.
Uh can you ask them to come in the morning if they come? I I'd prefer they don't come at all because I've canled it.
Yeah. I'll make I'll put in the notes that you'd like to cancel the call.
Uh okay. And if they don't cancel it for some reason, please come in the morning. is I would like to sleep.
Okay. Yeah, that's uh that will be out of my control, but I'll put in the notes that you would like to cancel it.
Uh okay. Uh I'll uh I'll I'll wait up all night for you guys to come home.
No, no, no. I wouldn't say that. I'm going to put in the notes to cancel it and uh most likely they'll cancel it.
Said most likely they will cancel.
Well, yeah. You don't have any previous injuries or
No.
Okay. All right, I'll um
I am well.
Okay, I will uh add the comments into the call.
Thank you.
Thank you. Bye.
Bye. Yeah. So, in this call, um I call uh not police non-emergency line to report, uh three hate crimes. It was actually four, but anyway. Um and so they put me on hold for about 40 minutes and then I realized, wait a second, I should be calling the hate crime unit. I call the hate crime unit. They uh talk to me for about 35 seconds. Uh I say I'm mentally ill and someone was spitting on me. It's a hate motivated crime and he's putting me through the 51 division without even listening to the report or anything that happened immediately because of my race and mental illness status. He puts me through to uh 51 division, which wasn't even the right division. It's it's the other side of the city. Uh I then get transferred by 51 division to 14 Division, my good old friends. 14 Division put me on hold for an hour and 5 minutes or so. And then I tried to report the hate motivated crime. Um the spitting on me because of my protected characteristics mental illness. Uh this happened three times in two weeks. The near most recent incident was today. And uh she uh the lady on the line um puts me through to wants to put me through to mental illness support services to to help me get a psychiatrist I already have and some hot meals during the day. I I wanted the hate crime unit to take the report. She considers it complete madness and puts me through to mental illness meals. And they'll take the report soon, sometime tonight.
Intelligence to be seen.
Hi. Uh, is this the right place to report a potential hate crime?
Um, where did it happen?
Uh, well, someone spit on me when I was walking to buy a suit today. I didn't see who it was, but it's probably because I'm mentally ill. And also, this has happened a few time in uh in the last week and a half. I've been spit on twice and one guy tried it a third time. And what does your mental being mentally ill have to do with the fact that you didn't see who did it?
I didn't say that.
You said you didn't see who did it. Who spit at you?
It was likely motivated by my mental illness because of my odd behavior. I didn't say it it was had anything to do with me not knowing who it was.
Oh, okay. So, where did it happen?
Uh It h it happened sometime on the way between King West and Moore's downtown uh around Young Street.
So Young and
uh I think it was it's close to King
Young and King. Okay, hang on.
Um but it could have been anywhere. I I didn't notice until I got to the suit store and I I was trying on suits and then I saw my shirt had spit all over it.
Okay. And okay, I'm gonna put you through 251 division. Okay, you can do a report with them. Hang on two seconds.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you for calling. Please wait while we transfer your call to the next avail.
Hello.
Hi. Sorry, one moment. Let me just sit down. Uh, I'd like to report four hate crimes. Uh, one of which was a threat to my life. The rest were spitting in I tried the hate crime unit, but they
I tried the hate crime unit, but they put me through to 51 division, which wasn't the right division. They put me through to you. So, how do I report the hate crime?
Okay. What is your phone number?
437432-9165.
What's your name?
Brendan Rose. And your address, Brandon?
11 Stanley Avenue, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. You likely have it on flot.
Is that an apartment or a house?
It's a house.
What's the closest major intersection?
I think King,
are you close to Lakeshore?
No.
Hello?
No. Hello.
Yep. Give me one moment. Just trying to locate you.
Yeah, that's fine. Is everything okay?
King and where? Sorry.
Near King and Tumpsy. T E C U M S E T H. I was unhappy because people are spitting on me because I'm mentally ill. Uh they spat on me in the last two weeks.
Close to King. You're close to king in Niagara, right?
I think so. So, I was upset because uh I was spit on twice because I'm mentally ill and an old man tried to do it a third time. I I don't know who did the first two cuz they kind of just do it and walk away. Uh but the old man uh he tried to and then I told him that uh spitting on someone is assault and he decided not to. Uh Um, and then the third one,
who are these people that are doing this?
What?
Who are these people?
Two of them. I wasn't sure. The one that happened today, I didn't see who did it. The one that was about a week and a half ago, I didn't see who did it. Uh, the old man who was threatening to spit on me. Uh, I I'm not sure if I'd recognize him if I saw him, but he lives around here. And the uh the fourth incident is a guy when I was leaving Shoppers Drug Mart, uh there was a guy across the road spinning around a staff like Don Hello and uh and he was using it basically to menace me. Uh I told I I told him that he was using that as a weapon and he got scared and dropped it and he started picking it up. I kept telling him why he shouldn't be menacing people with weapons and he kept dropping it. It was very it was almost comical but he was doing it to scare me because I'm mentally ill. I reported it to I tried to report it to the hat. Uh the incident with the most recent spinning incident happened today when I was going to Moore's suit store. Walking from King and Baurst to Moore's suit store at Young and uh King
and then uh the
Any weapons involved?
What?
Any weapons involved?
No. Well, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There was the guy with the stick. He had a a a big giant uh stick like Donatello and he was swinging it around to menace me. So, there was a weapon. Yeah, everyone around here's crazy. They all hate me because of my music mostly, but uh yeah, it's it's getting absurd now. Stuff like this happens every other day. I reported it to the hate crime division and uh I tried to at least he heard the word mental illness and just immediately transfer me to 51 division within within one minute. He didn't even listen to my report. Complete. Throw it in the garbage can. I thought mentally ill people had protection under the law. Still, are we excluded now, too? I'd actually appreciate an answer on that.
Definitely not excluded from the law. Okay. So, what's your name? You're Oh, sorry. You're Brandon, right?
Uh, I I I meant not the law. I meant uh the hate crime unit. Are we excluded from the hate crime unit if we're mentally ill? Is that
Absolutely not. Okay. Brandon, when is your birthday?
Why didn't he take the call seriously? Why did he just throw
I am not sure. I wasn't on the phone with you. I would have question. What's your birthday, Brandon?
April 29, 1985. Is it possible I could get the badge number of the the guy at the hate crime unit who I talked to? I might like to file an HR I don't know who you spoke to.
I have no idea who you spoke to. I wasn't on the call and I have no access to that information.
I see. Okay.
Okay. Give me one moment.
I would definitely like to follow to your complaint. It It's absurd. He He should have taken that call. He passed me off on to you, but then he didn't listen to my complaint. He didn't take any of it seriously. He just heard the word. mental illness and for some reason he is passing me off on to you in less than one minute.
Okay. All right, Brandon. So, just based on everything that you've shared with me, I think the best option here would be transferring you over to a service called Toronto Community Crisis Service.
You're going to call me with them, let them know.
That's your answer.
No, Brandon, that's not what's going to happen. Absolutely not. They're going to speak to you. They will be able to hear you out on all of your concerns and they'll be able to offer you some resources and maybe get you some assistance. send a unit out to see you if poss if
they will help you find
if it's required. They can send somebody out to see you.
Um and then yeah, they'll be offer they'll be better suited to offer you services.
When you say services, do you mean access to the hate crime unit for filing a report of a hate motivated crime? Uh spitting on someone is assault. It is a hate motivated assault.
Okay, Brandon, is it okay if I transfer you to TCC.
I'd prefer not to. I I got to just clarify what's going on here. Uh I don't see why I should be put through to a mental illness support line that will tell me where to get free food and uh and lodging. I have plenty of food and lodging. I'm living perfectly comfortably at home. My psychiatrist is happy with me mostly.
Okay.
There there's no mental crisis going on.
Brandon, this is the this is the issue. Okay. What you're explaining to me is not a hate crime. Um you don't know. You're just assuming that it's a hate crime, which It it could possibly be. I don't know. I'm not there. I don't experience it. So, it could be, but you're not. This is not what we would consider a hate crime.
If someone for a protective character
and it spit on you,
Brandon, are you going to let me talk to speak or did you just want to speak?
Okay. So, if somebody spit on you and there was actual contact made, then yes, that's assault. I can put a call up for you. But again, you're saying that this is something that happened weeks ago and somebody attempted to spit on you. Recently
it happened
because somebody attempted to
Yes. but didn't make contact. Correct.
There were three incidents of spitting in two weeks. Today it happened and it happened a week ago and a week and a half ago. So it happened
by different people, right?
Yes.
Okay.
When you spit on someone for a protected characteristic, that's a hate crime, right? Am I wrong? You're you're putting me through to
that is wrong. It's not
free food for mental illness.
No, this wouldn't be a hate crime and I am not going to if you don't want to be transferred to TCC and that's perfectly fine. I'm going to put a call up for you for
transfer me over to
No, it's fine. I'm going to put a call up for you. Okay, Brandon, what would you like to do? Do you want me to transfer you to PCCS or would you like officers to come and see you about being spit on?
I'd like officers to come and see me about being spit on so I can file a report. Okay, sounds good. I will get that up for you right now. Okay.
How when will they be here?
Officers will come out and see you. I wouldn't be able to tell you. It just depends on when a unit becomes available.
Um okay.
Okay.
Uh is everything okay? I mean, are are they are they are they going to take me away to a ward? Be honest.
Brenda, why would they why would they take you away?
There there have been many times when I've been taken to wards by police. It's
okay. Well, you haven't told me that you've done anything wrong.
So, I'm not sure why you would think police are going to take you away.
Because because I'm scared of you guys.
Okay. So, Brandon, this is this is why I said that I think
Okay, Brandon, listen to what I'm saying to you for a moment. Okay.
I'm trying to listen.
I know that you're scared. I know that you're scared. I can totally understand that. But that's why I think that TCCS might be the better option for you?
No, I have
because they will offer you resources coming out to see you. Mental health support.
I have all that.
Okay. So then I'm going to put the call up like I was saying for assault. Officers will come and see you when they become available. Okay.
Thank you.
You're very welcome. I'm going to disconnect the line now. Try to have a good night. Okay.
You too. I'm sorry that there was
All right.
It was The thing is, uh, you talk very fast. So, before I know it, I'm talking over you. I wasn't even trying to talk over you. It It's just
you you talk really fast. I didn't even notice until Yeah.
Okay.
It's perfectly fine. Don't worry. You don't need to be sorry. Okay. I've got this up for you. Officers will come out and speak with you as soon as they become available.
Okay. Thank you.
If anything changes, you can always give us a call back. All right. Uh,
yeah. If possible, could you guys come tomorrow instead of coming in the middle of the night? The only thing I can do for you right now is record all the information that you provided and you can call back in the morning and open it when you're ready to see officers. Do you want to do that?
Can you send them in the morning?
I can't send them in the morning. No, I can't do that for you. Only thing that I can do for you is put the call up, right? Sorry, put the call filed away right now and then you will call in the morning and let us know that you want to open it and you want officers to come out and see you.
Uh, why don't You just have them come whenever. I'll I'll stay up or something. Uh give give me a call before they arrive. Okay.
Okay, sounds good.
Thank you.
All right, Brandon. Good night. Bye. Bye.