NO ANGEL
by E F S M B, Empowered Feminist Stole My Baby, 2:00 PM 2026 07 09

And we know, you are no angel anymore,
All the angels were corrupted and fell outta the sky,
And we shook the heavens out, until the last of them had fallen,
And we're giving you a break on that......

Yeah we know so well, that you're no angel,
But we're letting you stay in Heaven if you stay quiet,
So zip it closed across your face,
You're no angel I've been told, so zip it closed,
Zip that hole in your face closed,
And we will let you stay in Heaven,
Off the record, like
And we'll let you flutter and hover in Heaven Forever,
Forever just like you like,
Just keep it to yourself keep it zipped,
You're no angel I've been told,
And the rules were getting old,
And we cut apart the night,
And cut the moon out of the sky,
and we placed the red moon there,
and it looked down upon our city,
the red glow of the red moon,
No Angels at all in this city.
The knife will yield no blood soon.

And we know, you are no angel anymore,
All the angels were corrupted and fell outta the sky,
And we shook the heavens out, until the last of them had fallen,
And we're giving you a break on that...... my winged guy

Fllllyyyyyyyyyyyyyy FLY INTO THE SKY, fly flutter up and into the sky,
Sell yourself a break, it was all brought to corruption,
and no nazis walk at all today,
Sell yourself a break,
And you're no angel I said to you that day,
So no need to sing a hymn tonight,
You're no angel, in this city tonight, alright?
So for now I guess, we'll stop shaking the box?

Sing
siiiiiiiingg
siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing of that city
THAT BEAUTIFUL AND PERFECT ANGELIC CITY
That was corrupted down to rot,
And the people what they wanted they Gott,
And no angel was found in that office,
And the people were very satisfied today,
We could see no angels at all, apparently that day.....

And we know, you are no angel anymore anyway,
All the angels were corrupted and fell outta the sky,
And we shook the heavens out, until the last of them had fallen why,
And we're giving you a break on that...... guy........

Who waits?
It's you who waits?
It's you who waits that find's no one is coming?
It's you who waits, alone there,
Waiting for your angel,
It's you who waits there, 
But no Angel's already come for them in the mourning
And you can protect the night
and you can protect the swine from swine
and you can get lost,
singing songs of Tos,
but you can't protect the night from the night,
and you'd never think to run away,
Two made in my city,
To in my city mine,
You lost today,
Thrown out yesterday,
A sea of angels in waiting.......

by the shore by the water
by the bay

And we know, you are no angel anymore,
All the angels were corrupted and fell outta the sky,
And we shook the heavens out, until the last of them had fallen,
And we're giving you a break on that........ just don't let it get outta hand, my guy......
