Regulars
by EFSMB (2021-2022)


kill him

"kill him?"

yes, kill him

"I worship his shadow." [GUNSHOT]

thank you, now kill yourself

yes, now kill yourself

shoot yourself

"I worship his divine shadow"

shoot!

[GUNSHOT]

[Intro]
Unmotherfucking likely today
I doubt that's going to fucking occur but we'll try
We'll fucking try
Excuse me, I was supposed to have motherfucking headphones
Removed them, I'll have to make due

[Verse 1]
How are you?
How many people will you have to screw?
How many people will you have to go through?
How many people will you cycle through?
How many people will you screw?
How many people will you screw?
How many people will you cycle through?
How many people are on this motorcycle as it's falling off the fucking mountain?

[Chorus]
How many times do you have to fall off the same fucking mountain before they put up barriers?
How many times do you have to fall off the same fucking mountain before they put up barriers?
How many times do you motherfucking have to fall before they put down barriers, son?
How many times do you have to fall before the motherfuckers put up fucking barriers?
They put up barriers, they put up barriers
They put up barriers, they put up barriers

[Verse 2]
I wish they would just take them away
They cost too much motherfuck to maintain
I wish that they would just take them away
They take too much motherfucking time

[Bridge]
How would you like to be betrayed?
How would you like to be betrayed?

I'm reaching in, I'm pulling it out
I'm reaching in, I'm pulling out your heart

[Verse 3]
I'm gonna twist off your head and shit down your neck
I'm gonna twist off your fucking skull
And I'm gonna shit down your neck
How will that feel? How will that feel?
Then you'll know, how you motherfuckin feel
When I twist off your head and shit down your neck
Then you motherfuckers will know how it feels!
Then you stupid motherfuckers will know how it feels!

[Verse 4]
So how you doing now?
How you doing, fool? What you doing now?
Fuck you, what are you doing, now?
No idiot, I do not want to fight
Not tomorrow, not today, not tonight
My brain unlike yours is valuable
When you smash it, something valuable breaks But your fucking brain broke a long time ago So all you fucking do is walk through the streets Motherfucking startin' fights 'cause your brain is broke And you want to share the fucking poverty!

Oh yeah, I've seen you before,
I've seen you before,
I've seen you before, fool!

[VERSE]
What are you doing now? No I don't want to fight
I do not want a motherfucking fight
Go away retard, go away retard
I do not want a motherfucking fight
And it's okay, it's okay, I can say retard
'Cause I'm a mental retard so it's fucking okay
And I can call you a retard also my friend
'Cause honestly, you're probably a fuckin' normie
Yeah baby, we're going to throw the normies away
In a big fucking well, where they go away
One after one, we throw them down the well
And they fall, fall, fall, fall into the pit
Until they get to hell
They fall through the well until they get to hell
They fall into the well forever and ever
Forever and ever they fall into the well
And when they get there, they get to fucking Hell
they're fallin' forever and when they land they get to hell
they're falling forever in the fuckin' airplane as well
oh yeah we hate airplanes
more than anything bitch, we hate the fuckin' airplanes,
we aint fond of fuckin' cars to day,
but the airplanes are even FUCKING worse
the airplanes are even motherfucking worse
and the virus lab is where we have our laughs, son
we got the bodybags in the Wuhan lab comin out everyday
every fuckin day we bring a fuckin batch of bodybags
outta the Wuhan lab
every fuckin day we bring a new fresh batch of bodybags outta the Wuhan lab,
every fuckin day we bring a new batch of bodybags outta the Wuhan lab
every fuckin day we bring a new fresh batch of bodybags outta the Wuhan lab

[WAIT]

Honestly I'm not really that mad G, 
I'm not that mad G,
I'm not that mad G,

but the airplanes are fuckin worse, 
if anything is bad but the airplanes are worse,
the Wuhan lab is bad but the airplanes are worse,
the Wuhan lab is bad but the airplanes are worse
and don't motherfuckin tell me about cars
barriers barriers barriers barriers barriers barriers fuckin EVERYWHERE!
monuments to mental fuckin stupidity!
a million of them filling the motherfuckin city! 
A MILLION FUCKIN' MONUMENTS TO FUCKIN' STUPIDITY HUMAN FUCKIN STUPIDITY ALL OVER THE FUCKIN' CITY!

Yeah

Anyway

So we happy with this?

K There's you,

We'll put you there.....

And you're in your place! hahahah