ATTACHMENT 1:

I request an extension of 1 month before the issue of service is determined (possibly more) to account for the excessively long wait-times on the Police Non Emergency Line (TPS). I'm trying to report an assault by a southeast asian man against me, an incident of spitting, it was 2 days ago, i tried to report it at first in email form requesting accommodations, but this was not confirmed or met with a reply, it is filed in evidence in application. I have been on hold with The Police Non Emergency Line for approximately 48-72 hours, i expect it might take even longer, especially with these dropped calls, which can interrupt 4 hour (yesterday) conversations coincidentally when the words "I'm recording this" were mentioned. 

This is in stern contrast to the speed at which the respondent party unit, the HATE CRIMES UNIT
of TPS Operates, picking up their calls in 1 second flat. I would call them again, to get through
these wait times, but they have informed me not to call back, presumably because i am white
and therefore barred, or mentally ill, if you prefer, equally imposed upon, I would say.

Therefore I will endeavour to endure the wait times, so I may report the, man's, assault
against me, which I am certain will be taken seriously at the time they take the call.
Unlike the first few times, which regarded different assaults. I will require I expect,
or rather estimate, 4 weeks on hold with TPS, before they finally take the call,
I will record the calls of course, for posterity. It's ok, they've informed me
in their message, that I am on hold, that other customers are having their calls taken,
and there is nothing to worry about "please remain on the line for an operator to assist you".

That is what I intend to do, I would, please in all seriousness, this while amusing is true,
I would like a delay of 1 month for this reason, and to help clear a backlog on my other cases,
in order to stay on hold as long as it takes for them to take my call, as it is very important
to my case, this assault report, which I am sure they will take when they are done with
the other citizens and people calling.