Form 14A – Affidavit
Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario
File Number: 2026-67449-I and 2026-67461-I

RE: ROSE v. SHOPPERS DRUG MART
RE: ROSE v. TORONTO POLICE SERVICES HATE CRIMES UNIT

SEE ALSO: ROSE v. AMAZON 
[November 24, 2025 HRTO FILE: 2025-64274-I]
ALSO: ROSE v. AMAZON 
[Approximately 2024 April HRTO FILE: (Unknown Deleted Email)]

[These detail a religious discrimination and mental health
discrimination case against Amazon, with elements of reprisal,
or in other words my standard case format for these abuses,
which I use often, it is the same in every case,
and I have streamlined it. In this case Amazon burned
and deleted and terminated my account over my wish
to publish obscene religious books as JESUS CHRIST
again, which they had permitted previously when
the books had no merit. My account was terminated
when I refused to relent. Cut and dry religious discrimination,
but as they had access to the Judge's Docket materials as well,
I considered that legal action against them would in me being
smeared, and withdrew in both instances, not understanding
that a win is a win, a loss is also a win, as you can 
learn from it, and the only real loss is backing out,
which gains you nothing.... My psychiatrist Martin was
adamant that I should not return to the HTRO, which
might get me too excited, which by implication may
result in imprisonment for another month in a CAMH prison facility,
well known for their abuses.]

Hello HRTO,

INTRODUCTION

The Following is a sworn affidavit, signed in order to request
the adding of a non-cooperative respondent, named Martin Rotenberg,
and furthermore to explain in exhaustive detail the importance
of the Shoppers Drug Mart case to the larger issues I am raising,
regarding Human Rights Abuses at CAMH, the entanglement of CAMH
with law enforcement has become abusive, the system of "wellness checks"
coupled with months long imprisonment in the CAMH prison system,
being one of the most corrosive things in our society today.

I will detail the abuses, to the best of my ability without spending
too much time on them. I will also detail a systemic denial of justice,
referenced in HRTO FILE: 2026-67449-I, and I suggest a connection
be drawn between the CAMH corruption of justice, and the Systemic
Obstruction detailed in 2026-67461-I, or possibly the reverse.

For this reason I feel the cases should be consolidated.

So here we go:

0) I have been in and out of these prisons my whole life since i was 19.
They are horrors, my life has been a horror movie, like 1984.
The CAMH prisons are abusive hellholes, the doctors and staff treat you 
like a caged animal, the other patients are dangerous loons who routinely
hit attack and humiliate you, the food is terrible, and terrible portions.
usually you're there a month but sometimes it's longer, and sometimes
it's a life sentence, and sometimes a lobotomy. There is literally a bunch
of these people walking around, CAMH cut out their brain, or rather pieces
of it, in order to make them more docile is the rationalism,
In reality you can only do that to a human if you are born evil,
looking for someone to hurt. The medication is forced, withdrawing from it
results in horrible withdrawals and if you succeed in getting off it
they strip you of your right to make medical decisions
so they can force you anyway. The system doesn't even pay enough to
afford rent in this city, let alone rent + food + expenses, which would be
at least $3000 dollars, so those without rich families are just booted
to the streets to suffer and go mad, spending all their ODSP on drugs and wine,
out of pure giving up, then left to rot on the street and die. Girls are usually
brought into the system at around 15 or 16, boys a little earlier.
Any call to police requesting something, or any encounter at all
can be framed as "concern" for the aggrieved party, his concerns
are finally ironed out in a stone cell for 1 month. After which,
this generally ceases, I use the word generally because in edge cases
like myself anything is possible.

1) ok we'll do it tomorrow, I'm too tired, I'd fail.............. it's a good idea, consolidating those cases into one, they are richly entangled, all rooted from the same CAMH sap. One is CAMH corrupting the police forces, into committing human rights abuses and even crimes in furtherance of it's vision, camh sends it's tentacles into the police force, and suddenly "wellness checks" are the first of our worries, these gross abuses, these abusive visits, leading to long stays in a camh prison, usually 1 month, sometimes longer, sometimes for life, and sometimes a lobotomy, i have met these men, with missing brain pieces, he knew true fear. It's a monstrous system, and the police, with camh as their puppeteers, direct the abuse and throw people into it, like they sold their souls at Gehenna.

2) Conversely, it's another story, about Shoppers Drug Mart, where the employees became my friends, and then finally, one day, i got tired of all the people out there trying to get me killed or beatup or hurt or whatever, these people coming into the store, trying to get me kicked out or banned, the store does nothing to warn these people, just lets them shop here, Tony a bad actor, shows up at the store often, and verbally abuses and yells slurs at me, or talks about it with others in the store audibly. Never kicked out, never banned, kept coming back
and doing it over and over, but because the problem is systemic, there are people waiting with weapons outside the shoppers to brandish them from across the road when i got out, nothing too scary but weird, and 3 or 4 incidents of spitting, the most recent being a heavily obstructed police report that never happens, police said they were coming tonight, they're not coming, I have them on tape giving 4 hour waiting rooms, then i say i'm recording it and the call drops, trying to report one of these "hate incidents" for lack of a better term, that keep cropping up, this latest one is a spitting incident, landed near me, I try to report it i'm on hold for 3 solid days almost, 7 hours on hold today to finally
get a call that they're coming, for me, they said the might be there in the evening, they might be there in the middle of the night, i shouldn't stay up all night waiting for them, they might be there in the morning and they might come, or they might not come at all, that is what the TPS officer on the phone said, so far they're not here, the hrto suit against the police is going ok (i have mixed up the file numbers several times recently and sent them to the wrong parties, part of why i want to join those 2 cases) I think i understand what she's saying, it may have to do with my record of offenses buried in the registrar's file drawer ✓✓ from an old case against amazon, though technically i have never been charged with anything, a clean criminal record, the registrar received a confession ✓✓✓, or a lawyer's emails rather, and that's all i'm gonna say, no specifics, but her words make more sense in that light i'd suggest. (SEE: 2025-64274-I ROSE v. AMAZON) If compelled, if it's proper, I may be willing to answer further questions on this topic, but I don't feel it's appropriate, though it is certainly relevant, so I am answering it here.

3) However, unfortunate though they are, what has emerged from this legal minefield is a 
walking legal landmine, named Brendan S. Rose. It would appear to even come near me, a team of experts must be trained, and likely fail, to survive their interactions with me without 
incurring some form of legal liability, the police likely are too confused by the mess
and their potential liability to act, on anything, i report to them, when people
commit crimes against me. I report Assaults, Spitting, nothing is done, a Hobo tries to kill me
with a stick, they investigate, and are very angry at the suggestion the hobo should face justice, as he's just a homeless guy, murderer, who tried to kill me, and chased me around the pizza shop in Kensington with a metal rod, no charges issued, none allowed. Most recently a man criminally harassed by spitting towards me, days on hold, 7 hours today, just to get that speech when I try to call it in, they're not coming, probably..... if they do it almost doesn't matter,
i almost hope they don't. I'm denied justice, flat out, assaults, attempted murders,
spitting, spitting, spitting, spitting, it's not really that scary, but the fact
I can't call it in is. The responding officer would have to be in CSIS covered in 45 foot thick rolls of nerf to survive it. a card falls out of his hand onto the floor, he is suddenly
guilty of (forgive the example) grand larceny or something, he raises his voice and
is now is in violation of the Geneva convention, nobody wants to take that call.

4) Problem is, that call is my call to the police for help and justice when i'm in danger.

It's an issue of fairness, wrapped up in conspiracy.

I'm not an expert on charter rights, but i'm pretty sure that broke all of them
in a denial of service attack on the judiciary.

Which brings us back to Shoppers.

5) When the police are this confused about my status, due to the involvement of CAMH,
for whom I am grateful, as all this is to my advantage, then imagine how easy it 
was for them to corrupt Paulina at Shoppers Drug Mart, and Mrs. Aurora at Shoppers 
Drug Mart, and all the other women taking Martin Rotenberg's calls at any given time.
I got angry at how entangled they were with Martin, eventually throwing my hands up,
when during a negotiation to try to end my meetings with him but keep the medication,
which i was allowed to do, no CTO, full capacity, I told Paulina I was going to the
bridging clinic instead, and she called him and told him, and when i got there i was
already locked out. I sent off emails to HRTO telling them i was in the middle of the 
Soundcloud Case and they were interfering by forcing my hand on this thing,
I was entitled to decide my treatment, but martin said no, he called ahead and cut me off,
and then called my walk in clinics and cut me off more, there was nowhere else to get the medicine, he had corrupted them all. So eventually i agreed to take the garbage, which i
do seem to need.

6) But after all that, and in lieu of lots going on at shoppers that should have been
banned members of the public mob, I make one small request, recorded, which everyone can tell
because the damn recording device flash's an alarm every 10 seconds to tell people that you're recording, lovely that's just what i want in my stealth, a notification engine that I'm recording.... still.....

I asked my question.

7) You guys let me use the fax machine before.
Can you let me send an HRTO complaint to Martin, and the answer, in effect, no,
come back tomorrow and ask boss, who would never agree....

8) It is never mentioned again.

9) To me that's a nasty breakage of the rules of the HRTO,
She should not have denied the service in that case.

10) To me that's ironclad.

And the incidents that annoyed me, they prove a systemic madness has taken hold,
turning the citizens into lunatics, and though she could argue it's not her fault,
she didn't do anything about it, and the problem is systemic, ok even if you throw
those line items away....

11) She won't let me serve Martin Notice.

12) CAMH has corrupted the Shoppers Drug Mart because it involves me.
I'm supposed to check in once a day, I'm finding a new one
after I was told.

1) No to without prejudice talks ✓
2) No to in person talks in private ✓
3) No to phonecall talks ✓
4) She is not retaining a lawyer ✓
5) We are in active litigation at HRTO ✓

13) As I told her this she had a glazed over look in her eyes,
Like, Brendan, please stop telling me this dream,
I don't know who told you about the HRTO but it's clearly imaginary,
and I'm concerned for you.

14) I have not been asked to leave, this lawsuit is
considered so strange Paulina simply agrees that it would be best
if i find another pharmacy, which i suggested.

15) I've sought another pharmacy, I think we're done there.
She states I'm not banned and can still buy food there.
I rather hope you serve those two respondents notice
in particular, because in Particular, they don't believe in the HRTO,
what i say sounds confusing to them, they just want me to go away
and stop talking about "this nonsense", they are not retaining a lawyer,
despite going into litigation, so they will represent themselves i guess,
how fitting.

CONCLUSION:

What i feel this demonstrates is 3 things: 

1) The TPS Hate Crimes Division case is deeply entangled with CAMH 
2) The Shoppers Drug Mart, because of me, the case is deeply entangled with CAMH
3) Martin Rotenberg at CAMH should be added as a respondent (dispensing with service
which has been well and truly tried) and we should consolidate the two cases
into a single file, bureaucratic errors have already crept in, with
file numbers from one case mixed up with the other and vise versa,
for those reasons and more, I wish to move forward with these three points.

Have a good day,
-Brendan Rose

SECTION II - PREVIOUSLY UNFILED SWORN AFFIDAVIT ON THE PARTICULARS OF THE CASE

HUMAN RIGHTS TRIBUNAL OF ONTARIO BETWEEN:
 
Brendan S. Rose, Applicant

-and-

Toronto Police Hate Crimes Unit, Respondent 

DECLARATION OF Brendan Samuel Rose IN SUPPORT OF FORM 16

SIGNED DELCARATION

1) In the last week and a half, 
I have been assaulted 4 times.

2) The assaults are motivated by
a hatred of my nervous behavior due
to my mental illness, and therefore
hatred on the grounds of mental illness.

3) The first was a spitting incident,
I was spat upon about a week and a half ago
in a likely hate motivated incident,
as my entire neighborhood is up in arms.

4) They continually accuse me of crimes
I am not guilty of (SEE: Clean Record of Offenses) 
in order to justify violent threats, attacks, and hate crimes
like assault (spitting.)

5) These Rumors are spread by a man named
Tony at 14 Stanley Ave, across the road 
from my home.

6) Tony's lies have resulted in people breaking
into my home to hurt me while taking pictures in our home.

7) Tony's lies have resulted in people chasing me through
the streets trying to kill or hurt me, these events date
back to 2024.

8) Tony's lies continue endlessly,
telling everyone and everyone he can
about the baseless lie. The citizens
believing this, attack and humiliate me
or threaten or mock me at ever available
opportunity. I am a pariah.

9) I am not guilty of the crimes Tony has
accused me of. (SEE: Clean Record of Offenses)

10) This has created an atmosphere of mob violence,
and mob retaliation for the crimes he ascribes to me
which i am not guilty of (SEE: Clean record of offenses,
and I think Tony does not have access to the Judge's Docket).

11) These lies are likely to result in my death.

12) Recently 1.5 weeks ago, a man or woman spat on me,
in my neighborhood, where all the crazy friends of Tony live.
It was clearly motivated by this, confirmed for them
because i am awkward and nervous and now afraid.

13) Later in the same neighborhood, an old man was spitting around me,
I went to the side to avoid it, and he became angry,
spitting more in every direction, with a look of hatred in his eyes.
He believe me to be a monster. He believes Tony's lies.

14) Police did not allow me to report this incident, they shouted at me
until i went quiet, then filibustered over me their frustration.
The conversation did not progress as far as what happened in each incident.
They were enraged I had called it a hate crime.

15) The incident is based on my mentally ill awkwardness,
confirming in their mind Tony's lies. (or perhaps his guess without any evidence,
though I think lies is accurate) I was targeted because I am mentally ill, a protected characteristic.

16) The Hate Crimes Unit threw away the report because I am white,
immediately transferring me away from the hate crimes unit within
mere seconds of hearing my race through my voice.
Asking for hate speech charges based on mental illness had no effect,
it was considered irrelevant.

17) They instead directed me to free food of low quality for insane people,
as an alternative to filing charges with the wrong division (14).
Free food was given as an alternative to filing a report.
They then threatened a wellness check when i refused.

18) Wellness checks are the forcible entry into a persons house
breaking down doors if needed to send them to a stone cell for 1 month
in reprisal for HRTO complaints and things like that.
Which are considered mental illness, and therefore applied.
The facilities are tantamount to torture, it is one month
with insane deranged criminals with no escape, jail is likely better.

19) My landlord Julia had to fix the door after the last time
they broke in, her leg has never recovered, even 2 years later,
she requires surgery, which she is too frightened to do.

20) When I called asking them to cancel the wellness check
while mentioning the HRTO to a man who was now correctly identifying me
as a Human Rights Lawyer (A professional litigant would be more apt), 
not a fool who accidentally found the wrong number.
His statements were rather terrifying in context.
He told me he would issue a standdown order,
but dispatch might just ignore the order and break
in in the middle of the night. This would likely
break property and furniture in the house like doors,
and repairing this would likely injure her horrifically.

21)They still might break in, it's only 4 AM, it would be unwise to sleep,
as they officers might break in at any time, ignoring the fact that i am sane,
and lock me in a prison of torture for 1 month, where human rights abuses
are commonplace, and service against respondents blocked by structure and procedure
(my psychiatrist doesn't read my emails, they're given to a specialized team
to deflect service.) The wellness check and month long imprisonment (sometimes life sentences or lobotomy) They use compassionate language to mask their evil behavior.

22) On the way to buy a suit at moores, someone managed to spit on me in a third incident,
and i didn't notice until this occurred. The hate crime unit said, since i didn't see
who did it, it's not a hate crime, it's fine. Go to 14 division. 14 division threatened
me with torture and imprisonment, and a bust on my house, likely breaking things and scaring people as happens a lot with them. For instance to rescue a cat they kicked in an 80 year old Grandmother (Julia's) door.

23) They are brutal and vindictive.

24) The only reason the police didn't come, was because I told them about the HRTO, in the manner
they'd expect from a Human Rights Lawyer, and they realized in an active complaint,
breaking in for nothing and imprisoning me all month long as usual, their go to solution
for all encounters with me for my entire life, would look crazy,
it would appear to be reprisal which it was, and they abandoned it probably.

25) They may still arrive, they have never helped me, only done this torture.

26) The one and only thing they ever did for me, was put my pregnant wife in prison
for a minor dispute, which they interpreted under their rules as something that 
requires automatic charges, even though it was a wife having a pregnant tantrum,
and she only wanted a hug. I cried and cried screaming as i begged them not to take
my wife away and charge her, it was completely insane, they charged her anyway
while I the victim begged them not to, their procedure necessitates even minor
disputes require the total destruction of the marriage with forced unwanted
charges and gag orders on my wife, investigating the leaks (sigh... when i called
I told them not to charge her and they agreed) when she sent me pictures of baby clothes,
for a baby i have never met, now 5. She will never forgive what they did to her, she
thinks it was me, it wasn't. Therefore I am unhappy when they want to break down the door 
to see if i am ok and make sure with a month in a horrible jail cell, being tortured, 
which are the conditions in those facilities, and the characterization is true.
I have a long history with them doing brutal hurtful and painful things
to me and anyone around me. My wife left for good to save my child from seeing
people like that, drive me mad, get tortured repeatedly, constantly cry and weep,
and likely die at the hands of crazy mob inspired lunatics. She kept my son from me
I think because no child should see that happen to their beloved father,
he lives happy, until he matures. This institution is as bad as the worst
in history, or worse.

27) I noticed the most recent incident of spitting when i got to Moore's to change into my suit.
I called it in the same day, mere hours past when it happened. I am very concerned that
this crazed mob sent by Tony, will spit on me continually for the rest of my life,
likely not a full one. I am a person who demands his dignity, I cannot tolerate
being humiliated, spitting on me continually, would likely make me lose my mind,
at which point they'd scoop me up, put me in CAMH, for a month of torture,
emerging stringy and tired, body in pain. Ultimately this could easy end in violence.

28) The officer at the hate crimes unit began expelling me as soon as
he heard my voice sounded white. He immediately transferred me out of the
hate crimes unit, and to regular police, who committed reprisal and the threat
of reprisal. And offered low quality food rather than filing a report, which is rarely delivered.

29) I live in terror at all times, all day every day, even the slightest sound from outside my room by the door, sends me running to see if the police have arrived for a wellness check,
and the torture will begin soon. It is a fear I can never escape. It is what I fear most in this world, maybe more than death itself. This torture is brutal and traumatizing and should be a violation of the Geneva conventions.

30) I was not allowed to talk long enough to explain that in one incident, the perpetrator was known or at least seen. In another, it was today. In a third someone had a deadly weapon
and they were seen by me. 3 or 4 of the incidents took place in my neighborhood,
in the vicinity of Tony's slanderous lies he spreads to everyone, even children.
They didn't want to listen, they wanted to shout at me in a filibuster and then
yell at me am i going to let them talk when i tried to get a word in edgewise,
ultimately dismissing the call on the grounds of things i would have explained if they had let
me talk even a little bit.

31) I believe $500 dollars is required to ensure I can fight the case with some
dignity and food. Which are both lacking. Otherwise I shall begin to starve in a week or 2.
After the Suit Purchase. Which will affect the case badly. Should they win their case, it can be recovered by them. The wellness checks must stop while proceedings are occurring, as they color the processas endorsing the practise

32) These 4 incidents were hate crimes.

I make this solemn declaration conscientiously believing it to be true, and knowing that it is of the same force and effect as if made under oath.

SWORN REMOTELY by Brendan
Rose stated as being located in the
City of Toronto, ON., before me at
the City of Toronto on December
15th, 2025 in accordance with O. Reg
431/20, Administering Oath or Declaration Remotely.





_________________________________________          ________________________________
A Commissioner for Taking Affidavits, etc.         Brendan Rose