"What led to the interaction with the officer? *"


I called the Hate Crime Unit to try to report some people who were spitting on me because I'm mentally ill and they hate my religious music, and menacing me with weapons.
Because I'm white, within 30 seconds he was removing me from the call, and transferred me to 51 division immediately (wrong division) without listening to my report. 51 division just transferred me to 14 division, who then transferred me to your "free food for homeless person's" program, and eventually agreed to come visit. As I have a painful history with TPS, I canceled the report, which they agreed to. Then I changed my mind and tried to reschedule. After many hours on hold, i finally got them to agree to send the cop to file my report, which i need for an HRTO case, 2 actually, but they would only tell me they'd be there sometime in the night or next morning, around 6 am still waiting, I went to get some food, and they showed up, i wasn't there, they took a report from my landlord with some inaccuracies. Now this is the problem right here,
What came next?
I still need to report the damn assault.
So I call you up, on your non emergency line....

what happens??

You put me on hold.

I wait an hour.

I'm still on hold.

I wait another hour,

still on hold.

4 hours pass with timestamps recorded, the whole 4 hour ordeal recorded on my computer, I mention I'm recording, the call suddenly cuts out, drops.
I'm on the phone with you again, 1:12 minutes so far, we'll see how far it goes, you'll hangup. 



"What did the officer say, do, or not do, that has caused you to make this complaint? *"


Your officers refused to take my call, and put me on hold for 4 hours, and did it again when i called back,
Because I'm white and mentally ill. You don't want to deal with me, but i'm reporting an assault,
and you're playing this game. Why are you refusing to let me call in my report?
I'm mentally ill, I don't want to go to your headquarters, I'm willing to, i will, but you cops have tormented me,
my family is in ruins because of what you did, i'm terrified of you, i was hoping i could report at home,
instead of in a giant stone fortress, I also requested accommodations for my mental illness,
to let me report the assault in email form, the email is now entered into evidence at the Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario (HRTO) HRTO FILE: 2026-67449-I
I want to report that a man assaulted me,
You put me on hold like it's the most hilarious joke,
Then laugh at me for 10 hours over 2 sessions,
While I have to listen to your snide message again and again,
400 times, and at the end you don't take the call,
you just deny me justice because of my protected characteristics and some others that aren't.
A person needs to feel like justice is real,
I need to know if someone assaults me you will help me,
you wont, because i'm retarded, so you just treat me like this,
put me on hold for 10 hours while i try to report the assault,
you throw the report in the garbage before it's even filed,
i gave you a description, i sent you a picture of him,
but you won't do anything, because he's brown.