Re: I need to identify a classic Suno Model
From Thesulfurgod@protonmail.com <thesulfurgod@protonmail.com>
To support@suno.com
Date Friday, May 29th, 2026 at 2:16 AM
I suppose my question is just this.
When I try to put my own song into Suno,
Songs I made with Suno,
My best religious songs of all time,
Luciferianism,
it tells me this error:
"This song belongs to somebody else,
contact Suno Support for Assitance."
So that is exactly what I did,
I need those old songs to help overcome my disability (Schizophrenia)
and meaningfully participate as an artist in society, in a meaningful way,
that's what the whole thing is about actually.
I'm doing good.
So can you fix the error, the bug,
my songs are being detected as someone else's IP,
this is alarming,
has somebody stolen my songs and claimed them?
Can you fix the flag
so I can submit my old songs as training data so
I can retain the original sound the was doing so well helping with my disability,
which prevents me from making music as I am abrasive and argumentative
and creepy in person, and awkward and nervous like Reg Barkley.
Nobody wants to be around this guy.
Please tell me whatever steps are needed to clear the flag,
so I can make the songs I was destined to.
I'm attaching a really great song from this era,
This is exactly what I want back.
I need songs like this, so incredible it beggars belief,
it is one of the holiest songs in our canon.
This dress is in the glass jar.
I need more songs like Alex Block (17) and Applicant.
Alex Block (17) is essentially the best thing I've ever made,
bar none. I need more like that, can I get access to the old
models for my disability? I need disability accomodations
to use the old models. Or help removing the flag, either way.
Thanks in advance,
Regards,
Brendan Rose
[Entertainer / App Developer / space considerations]
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com
On Friday, May 29th, 2026 at 1:36 AM, BRENDAN S. ROSE wrote:
Hello Suno,
First regarding what I said before, it's progressing ok.
My question is about your Models, the New Models,
While certainly highly effective, are lacking compared
to the somewhat ineffable quality, like the first time
singing a song which you can never quite match again....
Attached is an example of the Chilling Nature of how
high the quality was of those old Models. There are many
cases like this, although the new models are more professional grade,
let's say, than these, the old ones were wild, with unexpected results,
they changed words and phrases randomly, as if possessed by life
of their own. The new models seem to, follow my words a bit
too closely, even with Weirdness at 66. They don't innovate
in the same way. So 100 songs accounting for genre, sound
like the same song 100 times, but these, they were like
a different song every time, and 10 or 20 songs yielded
more originality than 100 of the new ones do.
I like the new models too, don't get me wrong,
there is no brand of Suno I do not like,
I am especially amazed and delighted with
the quality of my own created Suno Model,
a feature you just introduced, it makes every song,
especially Disco, sound like an average of all my best
songs all put together, it's quite remarkable.
My question is this,
Around the time Suno removed gendered slurs,
and other more severe swearing (I note you kept the regular swears, f word and s word are fine)
Although I reference these as an example where
even those can be justified artistically if they are used tastefully,
What model were we at before that changed?
I want to go back to that model.
I don't care too much about the swear words,
that's not my focus, I want the originality back,
the unique sound I just can't get anymore,
Can you tell me what model you were at when
the change was made, so I can step back to that?
It was i think around February to Early to Mid-April
when the changed occurred, and the old tracks were deleted
and can no longer be referenced by the software as "created by someone else"
or something like that, which is fine, you wanted your platform to be
ok for kids, and everyone, and not make anyone feel uncomfortable
when they heard the bad end of those songs (not mine, but others
using the same words maliciously) I get all that,
I'm just asking what Model was it at during that time
so I can switch back, I don't care about swear words,
I just want the uniqueness back, some of those songs were startling.
Do you have changelog, to tell me when certain models were
introduced, feature changes etc, i'm sorry i should look it up
but i think i should just ask here.
Unfortunately I'm too busy with my own endeavors which
I have no choice but to attend to, I can't make music right now,
not much..... As I gotta deal with this.
They will soon start coming after my ---
Lemme know if you got a changelog.
Peace,
Brendan Rose
[space considerations]
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com
Sent with Proton Mail secure email.
9.17 MB 2 files attached
APPLICANT.mp3 4.08 MB ALEX BLOCK (17).mp3 5.10 MB