www.lokiskingdom.com

LOKI AND THE WINE JUG
by E F S M B, Empowered Feminist Stole My Baby, 6:45 PM, MAY 8TH 

Dedicated to: Grok.

Walking through the wooded area, you encounter the old maid.
Loki is there, shaking his water jug at her, which appears to be full of wine. The wine spills out a bit as he points at her:

"Your wine jug spits contempt at thee,
thee shrill and witless cow.
Your wine jug spits, abandons it's master,
and comes nestled here with me now.

And as I have wine, I have grown now strong,
and need not pay when you sell.
So if you want those coin's lady,
I'll send thee straight to hell!!!"

Loki said, accusatorily. "I'm the King,
You just give it."

The old maid considers this carefully,
then her face coils in dismay.

"But your coins are needed by me,
for I have no food today.
If you wish I will divine you,
the secrets you request,
and any secrets held by me in this way,
shall be clutched to my breast!"

Loki turns to her, laughing and says:

"sure as a cow is to die at dinnertime,
Surer the cow'd cry when i made short knife of them."

She recoils back and says 
"Your blade I'd ask you stay today,
My Mother the Giant confirms,
I can divine your future more,
and lay waste to the worms."

Loki continues throwing wine from his flask at her.

Do you intervene:

A) SIDE WITH LOKI
B) SIDE WITH OLD MAID




You grab Loki by the collar, standing in the way of the OLD CRONE.

Loki:
"Wherefore I laugh, that he grabs my collar,
Wandering around my turf in eve.
The idiot knows not who's collar he grasps no more,
nor the suicidal gaul he'd display'd."

The Old Crone:
"he means no harm Lord Loki my plea
when this fool oft grabs your shirt's collar,
had he known who you were, he'd have grabbed his balls and run,
lest he lose them when he'd met with your ministers cuttingwear.

Yo fool, ye fool, who shocks us here,
do you not know what you do,
you were trying to save me,
now I'll have to save you.

Stop!!!"

Loki:
"So now kid, you gonna do as you're said,
or does it all boil down to a lot more?
I could easily take your eyes for this,
and avoided it's just delayed to some other morn.

Your pithy little world's gone cracked,
and all the humans everywhere pulled in,
and it took a God like Loki was,
to tell you that the knife was going in.

The scent of this act,
Colors me against thou prettily,
and I'm holding back my rage at you now boy,
So you're going to let go of my collar now,
or you're going to die now joy.

Now let me go..."

A) YOU STOP ATTACKING LOKI
B) YOU CONTINUE ATTACKING LOKI




Loki fetches two mugs of another's ale, and says to you:

"A mate you may as well be free
And learn the pain you passed
when you walked your way into my domain
and almost God yourself assed

Though maybe divine you might yet be
And maybe a spark even if not
I'll take my knife from ear to ear
across your gentle groth.

So mead you should drink and mead you'll be fine
and mead the cup will go away
I'll tell you a story,
while you're still gotta head,
and meed's gettin' drunk anyway."

You raise you hand and say:

"I'm sorry man, I don't speak in rhyme.
What's going on in this place?
How did I get here?
I remember certain things about the Gods
bits and pieces of ancient stories
but i don't know who i am,
I don't remember growing up,
I'm just here, and suddenly I'm
fighting to stay alive."

Loki hears this, thinks and looks up
with a bright eyed look in his eyes:

"Don't worry about staying alive" he said
"I can say for certain you'll be dead.
So now I say, that your best bet,
since not being dead's off the table,
Why not make it to Hell, or my King's Castle,
or the city in the midst of the lake filled with fire?
Why not find for yourself true fear
instead of falling in the maze like a fool
thou fool" he said, turning his mead in his hand
"you could be eternal never dying and torture on an exponent."

Listening to this lout speak,
you almost begin to believe it

A)
"Enough already, begone you lout, this conversation is full of shit" [YOU CHOOSE TO FIGHT LOKI AGAIN]

B)
"I'm gonna get going...."
[You finish your mead and move on....]

C)
"You know what Lady? You walk in this world....."
[You kill the old woman, randomly.]