			DEEPDIVE 1
-------------------------------------------------------------

i removed the disclaimer, if there's broken songs there's broken songs, I'll live with it.
I think the second batch was much better, urgh, i made like 80 of those before i noticed they were broken, the reworked lyrics seems to have fixed it mostly. I like how they perfectly match my laughter singing from the original would you rather, shows they used the audio source well.

Yeah when the robot starts freestyling he really should be ending the song.
Robots can't freestyle very well, uh, in Suno currently.

the original would you rather version 1, from the horror movie, using their end theme, was perfect, so i just isolated the voicetrack and used it as training data, got them to sing it just right. very happy with this experiment, but i can imagine people will be mad.

--------------------------------------------------------------
			DEEPDIVE 2
--------------------------------------------------------------
Yeah generating 80 suno clones i have to throw away is annoying for sure, i clone about 80 songs for every 1 song i write, so it's nothing unusual, but this is the only time other than 1 other time where I've had to throw away a batch. i made 104 albums since the start of last month, only threw out 2, and i saved or salvaged both.

The second round was mostly fine, as i said,
there are some with problems, but mostly alright.

I was about to castigate you for saying i stole from the movie for training data by stealing the laugh. I was here to say I didn't steal that laughter (true) and ....

oops

I left in a few seconds of the movie in there,
right at the start, the bit about stupidity being the ultimate weapon (my line) and that dialogue just after when she's saying ohnowhatdidyoudowhatdidyoudo. It's literally like 5 seconds or so, but it's enough to get me in trouble. it uses the name of the movie, otherwise it would probably slip by unnoticed.

I won't take it down unless requested by the copyright holder, but it's annoying because i didn't mean to do that, I should have just taken MY laughter routine, i applied over the end of Would you rather, in my own rumble video, on my apocalyptic disaster of copyright rumble channel, it's not just them i stole from, i stole the world for like 8 years, stole everything, a cultural artifact now it is, but technically every one of those videos can be targeted for takedowns or worse. It was my early stuff before i found Suno and went more professional. Mostly my stuff is copyright good now, the old apocalypse is still there, but I've moved on.

However, my new stuff gets reach, hundreds of thousands, 700 thousand at last count, that might attract more attention.

Well I hope not.

What a stupid mistake. i owned my laughter routine I performed after i had used music removers to delete the copyrighted music.
But the few seconds of the clip.... it was dumb to leave that in.

So I guess we'll see if they wanna sue blood from a stone.
I got zero dollars, they can have them if they want them.
If there's a cease and desist I'll comply.

Beyond that, I'll just forget about it.