[Intro]
[distorted synth bass, chugging electric guitar]
[Verse 1]
[spoken male vocals]
Splendid. It is the third day now. The festival waits for no man. Head to the tower, let the blood spill. As fourteen is reduced to one, so opens the gates to the court of Rare. How may I best aid you in your quest? Very easy man. I would like your valuable save point man. We save and we are ready for episode two. I hope it has been as enchanting for you, nay, more enchanting, it better be more enchanting for you than it was for me! If it's not, I'm coming for you man! You see, if it wasn't more enchanting for you than it was for me, you're gonna die. You're gonna die so horribly you can't even imagine. The thing that's gonna happen to you, it can't even be conceived of. There's worse things than death, you're gonna see it. No, if you're not more enchanted than me by this video, my friend, no, death, no, you're not gonna be given that so easily. No. I am going to destroy you as a prelude to making you my, two month long masterpiece of pain and suffering before I finally show the world what I have done to you when you are so separated from your body. I could paint the walls with what's left man.
[Chorus]
[heavy distorted guitars, driving drums]
[shouted vocals]
Just wasting time! [staccato synth riff]
I love her, that's not the point. You fell for a catfish. (hahaha)
But I love her, that's not the point. You fell for a catfish. Just wasting time!
[Post-Chorus]
By FSMB. Burn the fire, burn alive. You need to put the pieces of your life together again for me today man. And when baby, you're walking again, I'm gonna hit you with a metal bat, man.
[Bridge]
[melodic singing]
Break your legs down before you can walk away. So sweet to go away. So beautiful, beautiful to go away. All of your beautiful, beautiful to go away. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful day.
[Verse 2]
[spoken vocals over synth pad]
It's a layup is what it is man, you know, okay. Oh happy day, you go away, you go away. Oh happy day, you go away. My happy day, you'll go away for me today.
[Verse 3]
[aggressive rhythmic delivery]
Somewhere, somehow, some place lost in some bitch's toolbox whore where you be wanting more of this peace and this place. This fresh new fruit to eat, this place, this east. This fresh new fruit to eat, your fruit you lost. We're eating your fruit today, this fresh new fruit to eat. You lost fucking everything. And this monster, this beast, this thing, this thing is just a shadow of my visage man, my grim bad vision man, my dark uncompromising shadow and you even got fruit to eat so I can say: No way, no way I would ever drop fruit. No way, no way I would ever steal. And no way, no way I would ever buy a house, I got no money deal. So all I'm gonna do is take fruit and you're gonna be tasting stock of me and all you people will be in the counts and city books and all of the fruit will be rotting on the floor and the family you need that stain. You feed upon your chest the stain that's yours. The pearls that's yours, the girls that's yours, the life that's yours, rotting on the floor that's perfect sweet that we've eaten shared things with each other on the wall and all who felt capped by us couldn't swim and we bullied them with dollars out the door. So why you crust and singing gumption you been too bad too long wanting taking and winning and being clipper guarding flat denials and when you swim and sooned to us their last heartbeat on the phone was shivering inside your room while all of us wanted to get rest and daddy's gonna be selling coffin tonight and the birds are never gonna get rest and the X is carved into their heads we're like beautiful red lines of pure stained purpose and white lining beautiful lining at the side of her bed and all the bitter people are gonna get fucked and scream when they do that they, they get red and red betwixt lost bitter knowledge again and red betwixt the sheets be pouring in and all the red you couldn't resist the screaming of the red was famous on the net and the power of the screen didn't matter anymore and they still be got more red and they still took a bed whenever they partied and they still needed red or they would get it away go soft and after try again kissing being the operative word for many men and the two killed sharp knife bitches thrived in too much money fell into the night and two betwixt with me you were bruised and too many bruises a gash is spilling point down and you couldn't have cracked tonight anyway and the fool gives out crack to fucking everyone and the two walked down that flight of stairs and they had to ask of me when I read and I couldn't betwixt them yet or take red and the fool darked up the night through the door and the two of them locked it not I pushed in and the two were sharp as tacks on the floor and they didn't read yet so living they were we read when the rest was dealt with amicably and the two had breast tonight and they fell in the night did more than its usual job and the two lost heart tonight so well then they didn't give up at all when they died and the red was perfect then we read and I read them all night two strike and perfect violins my sheep they were counting forever and more and for everyone sheep they counted us for and they couldn't get up tonight when they dreamed and they needed the best place to fucking dine and they didn't well except when red and they didn't give up tonight they dined and the two were left with cups everywhere and they couldn't get up to make anyone dine and nobody tastes corpses anymore these days and they couldn't pull up the trucks so we dined and we read them after they were bleeding with guts and they didn't need red anymore it was for me and the stupid get up to cry so foul and we didn't wake up with them anymore and the stupid little people tried to walk away and we didn't need the bullies anymore. Come chop up that, burn it in serving cubes, make the past stain go away so we have left not but to dine and they couldn't wake up to dine they were dead and they couldn't pull up the truck so they could dine and we could always dine on them more with them again. They couldn't prevent the red, they died.
[Outro]
[shouted vocals]
Break your legs down before you can walk away. So sweet to go away. So beautiful, beautiful to go away. All of your beautiful, beautiful to go away. My happy day, you'll go away for me today. Me today. You'll go away for me today. Come chop up that, burn it in serving cubes, make the past stain go away so we have left not but to dine and they couldn't wake up to dine they were dead.