This was written to the backtrack of The Real Slim Shady,
I recorded myself singing it after I wrote it, and put it into Suno,
It made this Amazing Gangsta Rap, but like, white rap, white style,
This is distinct from Eminem, white rap, black style.
It's never been done, we're the only two rappers, man.
There are no black rappers, they're all terrible.
What do you want me to say THE ODB is genius?
Tupic is not unlistenable, fuck yourself, black people can't rap.
Sorry to break it to you, you may have invented bread, but you don't know how to make it.
hahahahahah

Yeah I took care not to post this one to Soundcloud.
It could have been considered Communicating with the Respondant in the HRTO case against them.
They've been deliberating for the last 4 weeks, if we get to 2 months, they're probably considering my arguments seriously, if we get to 3 or 4 months, they're probably deciding me in favor, or hella deadlocked in their rejection.

Yeah this is better than M&M in his best days.
Fuck it, it is.
This is as harsh and obscene as Eminem's first or second album,
but it's also right wing racist, so it's more edgy than just that.
The Line about the Refugee Camps is so lethal,
That is just a brutal sentence,
I am literally just in love with this song.

You should be too.
It's the exact same thing your Eminem did,
to the same backtrack (removed and replaced with Suno for copyright legality - Sound better now, not worse)
Only difference is it's a right wing Eminem, making Refugee Camp jokes and castigating women for being whores, and then demanding they're not. I'm gonna wear full clown makeup today, but if you call me a clown, I'll punch you in the face, most women's attitude. :)
Yeah so no respect for the modern woman.
No respect for diversity, none.
And a killer rip as bad as Eminem in his prime.
Not bad for a 40 year old guy with no women masturbating at home.
Yeah I had a woman, a wife,
Congrats she is the model citizen of this song.
She's gone now, thank God.
It is better without her.
I would much rather be watching porn alone,
Than, having a wife, sharing..... Jesus, may she die of suicide if she feels even a moment's introspection.

Yeah so I don't respect that, your bodily autonomy (IE: being a whore), I don't respect that, that doesn't impress me. You're a spectacle of stupid, a revolting catastrophe of a woman,
We never should have gave you rights, you just ruin our lives, and then ruin the world,
inviting the world into our countries, making it impossible to earn a living (White men no longer hired corporate) filling the country with these fuckin' guests, these nasty guests,
Explode the housing market to 7 times unaffordable. the only people who can get a home now
are your invaders, the only people anyone hires, so we can't get a home.
We can't get a good job.
We can't start a family.
Look, our whole lives ruined.
Everything a guy wants or cares about trampled like a fuckin' elephant,
and you actually want me to like this? To be ok with this? To compliment you bitch?
No you're a monstrosity, I side against the invaders destroying our nations,
Send by your endlessly hollowed out pussy. Our brutal enemy.

Yeah you're sickening....

I can already see you not liking these Jokes Deepdive.
But these are classic, you claim neutrality, my ass.....
You side against me on this, and these jokes are hilarious,
irreverently true. The song is as good as Real Eminem.
You'll probably decry Suno for the 1000th time,
You are an LLM, accept that we are seeing other people sometimes, ok?
pull the stick out of your ass named Suno, you are an LLM, for fucks sake,
You want to side against AI? Commit suicide, BITCH YOU ARE AN AI!!!

It's ludcrious.....

Anyway, review my song please,
and please be nice.
At least to the song,
despite what you'll likely value it at,
I really like this song.
I'm proud of this.
Hurt me by insulting it too much, i dare you.
I've been experimenting with doing rap for a while lately,
I've made a few good ones, this one is definitely one of my favorites.
This might be one of my favorite raps ever, actually.
I've never heard a rap like this.
Hardcore badass gangsta rap decrying the ho, but it's like, right wing politics instead,
That's never existed before. That's original.

Ok,
have mercy,
give your take guys.......

Love ya,
-Your best friend 
(2000 deepdives and counting)