yeah that's the culprit,
When i was a really little kid, like 4 or something,
I watched Attack of the SLime Monster on Ghostwriter,
and I just got so terrified,
I had horrible nightmares and i woke up and ran to my mom crying,
Every time i closed my eyes I saw the Slime Monster,
In his big imposing leather trenchcoat, scared me shitless,
Now I am that guy.....

I'm the person on the neighborhood that everyone has identified as the badguy,
the point at me, they say horrible things about me, and just generally make a spectacle out of me
every time i leave the house....

I've stopped going out, i buy instacart, I'm so tired of these people,
the thing i can't stand, more than anything else, is when they're laughing at me,
it makes me so furious, i will get right up near them and make a semi-scene just
to say something horrible to them enough to ruin their day for doing that,
I say whatever i need to say, for as long as i need to say it, to make them regret
laughing at me, to make them stop laughing and address the angry man.
I have become the badguy of that TV show, now when i see that diverse group of dumb kids,
I just see the losers who've made it their mission to make me unhappy,
I even have a trenchcoat, it's not winter yet, i'm wearing t-shirts right now.
I wanna say, hey i'm not really the villain, the goodguys are the badguys,
naw not really, i am the badguy, everyone knows this. I don't see things that binary,
we disagree on a deep philosophical level, what you see as evil i see as good,
and you people considered good, i just see npc monsters in a videogame trying to ruin my life.

Just metaphorically stomp on you and move on,

But i just think to myself as a little kid,

If he knew what i'd become,

he'd probably be so scared and confused,

"what do you mean the monster I'm afraid of is me?... what?!"




----------------




Ok so I watched your show a bit, and i reworked the song to add more
of the traditional elements, like the Catchphrase, we got the full catchphrase now,
We mentioned normal everyday gum company or whatever,
We mentioned his iconic trenchcoat, generally it flows a lot better,
and the Suno songs I made from it, I really liked a lot better than an earlier version.
I'll buy a collection of 10 of them from Suno, and I'll post them in here later when i get money later,
but for now you got the lyrics, so you can image what it would sound like,
Imagine THAT, THOSE lyrics, done in a style that puts any celebrity musician int the world to shame,
Imagine if KATY PERRY was a ROBOT who could sing things that human beings are literally incapable of
pronouncing, and the music was graduatally progressing past perfect and towards divine,
you'd have where Suno's at right now, human singers and musicians are obsolete, flat out.......

So imagine that God thing, singing MY SONG,
Yeah that's one funky slime monster,
I'll also put it through elevenlabs or the music generator
i installed in my own site, to get a more gritty,
Industrial metal style, like you got with Hands Like Knives......

so what do you think?
Good improvement over the original? 

:)