2026-68857-I - (CAMH) - 2026-68924-I (KINGSTON HEIGHTS)- Brendan S. Rose - Patrick can you get back to me on this?
From
Stored with zero-access encryption
Thesulfurgod@protonmail.com<thesulfurgod@protonmail.com>
Email Folder: Star message
Has 3 attachments (15.76 MB)
5:44 PM Saturday, September 12th, 2026 at 5:44 PM
To
Martin Rotenberg<Martin.Rotenberg@camh.ca>
Patrick Newland<Patrick.Newland@camh.ca>
hrto.registrar@Ontario.ca<hrto.registrar@ontario.ca>
Michele Warner<Michele.Warner@camh.ca>
Sam Suttle<suttle.sam@gmail.com>
Christine Rose<tcrose@sympatico.ca>
Associate SDM1288 (SDM)<asdm1288@shoppersdrugmart.ca>
Timothy Duggan<tduggan@lddclawyers.com>
reception@pro-house.ca
Cedarhurst Dementia Care Home<recreation@cedarhursthome.ca>
Hide details
Saturday, September 12th, 2026 at 5:44 PM

Patrick and Martin,

Patrick, rather than the monthly blisterpacks, can you ask Martin
about the possibility of YOU PATRICK delivering my medication
every week in weekly blister packs.

It's mostly being around people outside who are mean to me,
And I want to just be able to stay at home and order instacart for groceries.
Can we find a way to make this happen? If Patrick won't do it,
can you hire someone from the ACT TEAM to deliver it and monitor my
reaction to the lithium, You'd get more checkins, 4 instead of 1, 
and I get to stay at home where I'm safe and happy and,
feel powerful, Martin. I'd rather feel like the guy winning in court,
than feel like a monster being humiliated by the peasants.
Can we keep finding a way to make things work better for me?

Think:

1.  Fewer Trips Outside
2.  More Checkins
3.  Better Screening For Lithium Toxicity? (Can someone take blood from home?)
4.  More time at home for me
5.  Fewer encounters with other people
6.  Socializing and friendship at home instead


Martin,
Can we try to find a plan that works better for me?
Like can we keep improving things moving forward,
Iron out the problems that are bothering me.
I'm fine working with you instead of Eman, she's horrible,
My legs are starting to crack and hurt.

Can we find something that I am ok with too?
Fewer walks, more time at home, you mentioned home screening by Patrick,
It would avoid the potential for me screwing up my lithium,
Please I just want to stay at home, can we find any way to do that, Patrick, Act Team, Zoom Calls, Anything, anything but Long walks through the city, or daily humiliation in the streets with Eman?

Registrar, 
The war against my support network is going ok,
I'm not sure I'll survive these cases.
Please allow my file to remain public and searchable should that occur.
ODSP is getting cutoff soon, if Sam drops the rent money, and Christine steals the food money from grandpa's will cuz i talk smack, plus again, ODSP cutting off both food, rent, and medicine that stops me becoming an animal and a danger to others. This is all because of my HRTO suits, they're working in unison. It's obvious, Reprisal from 7 different directions the minute I say HRTO 1. Scotiabank closes on first filing against Amazon in April 2024. Yeah not good, if that thing attack me with full force
and cuts off rent, food, disabilty funds, rent allowance, medicine needed to maintain sanity, yeah my "Tombstone" [they're too cheap] will say - to [Month, Day] [2026]. It's death.
I'm fighting a support system that raped my life completely.... yeah unless it pulls back I won't survive the year, keep that court record open, ok? I died for this. (probably)

I believe i am being dehumanized in advance of a genocide, but even just maintaining the status quo forever is almost equally bad, arguably worse, yes. In other words, particularly because of my music (CODE GROUND: Creed) I feel i am being made an example of, so the world will see a kind and loving boy, who became a wonderful musician, torn apart, his family ripped from him, his baby ripped from him never to return, chased and injected by patrick at all times, 20 imprisonnents in 20 years, not one good job, not one good relationship, a lifetime of yearning and wanting and never getting anything, and what emits from it? The most profound and beautiful music the world has ever screamed. Alex from A Clockwork Orange considers it in the cinema and SCREAMS "LOVELY LOVELY LUDVIG VAN HE NEVER HURT ANYBODY, DON'T MIX THIS WITH LUDWIG VAN" Do you see it sends a very nasty message, we can abuse these people, the mentally ill, we can abuse them, horrible,
right down to if they're "Resistent to Medication" Yes Lobotomies are performed still, Patrick doesn't have to threaten it, it just is. It sends a profound message of humiliation and domination, of abuse with no ability to resist, frankly, as they're putting their gloves on now,

I think you deserve this future Canada,
Let me be the first to vote for it. [x]


Regards,
Brendan S. Rose
Head Litigant, Sole-Owner
GROK & SMITH
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com


15.70 MB
4 files attached
Download all attachments


FORM 23 - CAMH PLAIN PACKAGE.pdf
777.00 KB

THE YOKED WROTH DRAGGED TO HELL AND STAINED WITH CASH AND BLOOD (23).mp3
7.60 MB

MY MONKEY (7).mp3
7.30 MB

image178924946916740.58 KB
40.58 KB
