This is the worst day of my life.
I had been starved off and on for my third month in a row.
I had just moved into my new condominium in September,
It is November now, November 18th.

My uncle had imposed 650 dollars rent on top of 200 dollar phonebills,
on top of other expenses, my 1000-1100 in ODSP bought a week of food.
I would eat for a week, then begin to starve, he continued the process 
for 2 months before I cut my hand open in despair, it bled for a week
and I did not seek medical treatment, as it would interrupt my attack,
I was going on 3 months without my medication, Schizoeffective Manic Type.

So, excuses out of the way, it was in 2022.

I had ideated about it my entire life, going off these damnable medications
and then just escalating to something very serious. This was less a spontaneous
event than it was doing the thing i had always wanted to do.

But i was still starving, for days no real food,
Finally i got money somehow, maybe an uncle, i bought a Giant Bottle of Baileys,
and some weed, and a sandwich from Tim Hortons.....

I remain convinced he snotted it, or wiped his hand on his nose while handling it,
he was laughing to his friends. I decided, he had done that.
Walking home i ate about half of it anyway i was so hungry,
i threw the rest on the floor.

I came home, got angrier and angrier, 
Then finally, I made this song,
You can hear my mind just snapping to it, in real time,
this is the moment i decided to kill someone.

And then I said:::


[5th Ave.mp3]


Then I went to the tim hortons in my trenchcoat,
armed to the teeth with knives and other things like hammers.
But when I got there, the guy saw me coming and pressed a button
that stopped me getting in.

So....

I went home......

I went home and enjoyed the rest of my Baileys,
I listened to the tape and couldn't believe it.

I wasn't caught.... But I had already made my decision, in my mind i was past the end line,
no going back. So the next night there was an old lady coming home,
I watched her from my 2nd floor balcony. I had guessed, a bet with God, that the next person
to walk by would be either an old woman or the Thomas the superintendant, it was the old woman,
so I thought..... why not?

I picked up the giant baileys bottle,
and hurtled it towards her head, she dove and the bottle smashed
and she cut her legs on the glass as she fell...

It turned out she was a board of director's head. For the condo board,
who would later go on to sue my uncle, unsuccessfully, after criminal charges were abandoned without even trying.

The whole time this was happening, I was actively posting to Bitchute every day,
They were following along, right up to 5th Ave, when i locked myself out of my account,
Like there were people watching me live in real time as i posted about this everyday,
it must have been a real spectacle.

So she hid under my balcony, and I didn't know she was there,
she was there for hours, listening to me rage.

The guy from a few doors over, on the other side of the hall,
came out to record me raging, to bring it up at housing authority to get me kicked out,
dozens of noise complaints over a few months, I was getting kicked out probably,
one way or another.

I got my hammer and tried to bust his lock open so I could get in and hurt
him and/or his family......

Then finally, when it became clear I was getting arrested soon,
I locked my door to my condo, and waited, my condo had been totaled,
a big red flag with a smily face in the center, a kill listed written in red paint,
swastikas everywhere, appliances everything smashed with hammers, hammer holes
in the walls, cartoons everywhere, the name THE ANGRY CAT NAZI carved in the closet door,
A shrine to NYALARTHOTOP, and the raven from nevermore was there above my chamber door.

The place was totaled.

I threw bottles at the police cruisers, I threw knives at dogs when their master tried to rescue the lady. Finally the police cut open my door. It took about half an hour.
When they got me, i was naked in the lotus position, to help them along with a medical
rather than criminal diagnosis.

Oh why did this time bomb explode?
It's easy, My wife left when she was pregnant, she had been gone for 1 year when this went off.
It became clear I was never going to see him, my mind imploded, the situation demanded it,
I had always wanted to do it, i was drunk, he had just done that, it all just folded inside out,
suddenly it was not an idea in my head, it was something real i was doing....

So anyway, that's my Second update on this situation.

I spend 1 month in the ward.

Then the civil suit ensued.