[THE DEBATE TEAM RESPONDS]
ok,
You asked me a few questions about that.
1.) Was Cloud a victim of society who just ultimately succumbed to public perception of him
and became a villain as an act of desperation?
2.) Was Cloud a fully accountable Villain, who, though he had real reason to be
angry at the world that maligned him as a murderer, ultimately made a decision
that was inexcusable, killing millions of people and the future of the world
by draining all the power from the crystals!!!

Yes, and no,
The answer is that Cloud always wanted to be the villain,
So when Barret tried to kill him, for taking Yuffie to the Golden Saucer that night
(in 1997), this enraged Barret when he finally found out about it,
He called him perverted, ultimately Barret Struck Cloud, hard in the face,
Enough to seriously injure or kill him, Cloud defended himself,
but at the final moment when he could have pulled back, he drove in the kill.

He dropped his sword, reeling back,
Then Tifa and Aeris broke in, saw Barret there dead, 
Cloud with the bloody blade on the floor, his hands covered in blood.

He tried to explain himself but they just screamed
and screamed at him, that he was a murderer,
and he knew that he was.

The more they yelled that at him, the angrier he became,
eventually he just tuned them out, as they hunted him looking for justice
and lectures. But really, he could see that what they were accusing him of wasn't wrong.
He could have thrown the blade away at the last moment, but he chose to finish the job.
Because since he met Barret, he had always hated him, he didn't really know why.
He pretended that he liked him, but he never really quite sat right with Cloud,
but he swallowed those feelings. But Cloud had always had an evil streak,
So when Barret found out about the Golden Circle, and started accusing him,
Eventually he just tuned it out, ignored him, and when he couldn't be ignored
he killed him, he didn't care. He was going to the Golden Circle that day,
Barret be damned.

So when he becomes the villain at the end, and just tells this world
I DO NOT CARE ABOUT YOU OR WHAT YOU THINK ABOUT ME, DIE LIKE FLOWERS ON A DEAD MESS OF STEM,
It's not an act of defeat, he's not SAD when he's doing it, he feels TRIUMPHANT
against a world that hated him, from the very beginning, and a world he hated,
A friend he was supposed to like, but he didn't. He threw it all away,
Became the villain stereotype, and lived an otherwise normal life with his new wife Yuffie.

The connection was complex and rooted in their shared history and the 
circumstances that lead up to this.

Now Yuffie insists that he is not a villain.
I believe she believes this.
I also believe Cloud does not.

Who is right is open to debate still,
there is blame enough to go around for everybody.
Ultimately it is a tragic story arc, of a man succumbing to an evil nature that has
been present from the start, out of rejection of a world that was totally unfair and cruel to him, he regains his self perception by becoming the archtype of evil, even worse than what they were saying he was. You see he struggles with it his whole life, this feeling of being a monster,
the trip to the Golden Circle seems to confirm it, Then Suddently one day Barret is trying to
tie up loose ends on that, and then it's Tifa and Aeris, and then it's the world, as they whip
the people into a frenzy, eventually it's not that he snaps and does something he doesn't want to do, he just decides one day, I hate all these people, I don't care what they think about me, by utterly rejecting them, violently expelling them from his world, he regains his ego perception of himself as a noble person. Then he marries Yuffie, he lives the normal life he wanted, in some cave in a purple castle throneroom or something. And the world that said he was wrong are just dead. He ended the argument, violently. He couldn't take their perceptions of him, which he no longer believed were valid or rooted in anything legitimate, their hunting of him, constantly on the run because of this. He is celebrating when he loses his soul that day.

Who is responsible?

Well isn't it obvious????!!!