The I Don't Give a Sip cup was given to me by Julia (my landlady who saved my life by giving me this home) when i moved in,
it must be partly plastic because I have dropped it fully on the ground and it didn't break.
It's a good mug, I really like this thing!!!
I'm thinking to buy some merch cups from Distrokid for my band, but it's expensive, over 100 canadian bucks, I'm not sure how Julia would react to seeing another cup sitting around,
she doesn't like throwing anything out if it's still good,
if you buy a new one to replace the one you had, and the one you had was still good,
she's ANGRY at you, in a sweet way but she is,
she doesn't like wasting things or people.
Whole world just wanted to throw me away,
Julia was like, no, he's still good, keep him.

Anyway I'm including WRITTEN SUBMISSIONS OF THE APPLICANT, from my Soundcloud Case at HRTO.
And Submission on Jurisdiction, from my case against the Toronto Police Hate Crimes Unit. Both cases
have been frozen by the Judges to allow them time to deliberate and to shut me the fuck up cuz i post too much, which increases the time they need to deliberate, so they shut me up, and they're mostly looking at those two documents. There are two NOIDS active against me, that have not been pulled. Both were delivered on the same day they were requested, both gave me 28 days I didn't use. It's been about a month and a half on Soundcloud, maybe longer, since the first NOID, so I think my WRITTEN SUBMISSIONS OF THE APPLICANT document, satisfied their objections sufficient to continue deliberating. The other one was towards the start of this month, I forget when, but Grok helped me construct a brilliant 1.4 page response to their NOID, that I am pretty sure will also put the issue to rest pretty promptly. Doesn't mean I'll win or attain service, though I might, it just means i fought off the NOIDS, which is better than most self reps would do in this situation, we'll see on TPS, but on Soundcloud they're deliberating for sure, and it's a hard case, hard to side with me, actually kind of hard to side against me, a minefield no matter which direction you go. TPS, is..... on it's face is a weaker case, although Jurisdiction is easy here, I feel Grok's essay really put the twist in on that, it was a brilliant piece of writing, brief, succinct, laid bare everything clear as day. He turned that into a win, where before i was just wandering incoherent. He brough all the loose threads together and somehow sewed it into this, they're deliberating and we'll see on both.

I wish I hadn't written that stuff about the HRTO in my patch notes, 
I think they'll forgive it as it was early on, but it's not something i'd be stupid enough to do at this stage
in the process. I am watching those two mice like a snake, waiting for them to fall, if even one grants service, I can and likely will take it to the press, which happens in any public case like this, like the details of the case will be made public, so will the name of the CEO of Lucifer Media Corporation: Brendan S. Rose, aka: Loki. Yeah getting reported on helps me, gives me prestige and legitimacy, gives me more reach, suddently i'm in the news. But there are other things at play, in TPS, I wrote a very inflammatory Ammendment, Ammendment 1 to my form 1, it's unbelievably provocative, I want to get that thing put into the public record, it needs to be said, it has to be discussed. I fully expect they'll kill it before then,
even if they decide to proceed, but there's always a chance it will just move through as one of my filings
and get reported on when Service is granted and we move towards a hearing after arbitration. And Soundcloud, well, I've wanted to fight a case on Corporate Jurisdiction over Canadian Human Rights Protections for a lot longer than the 2 years I've been fighting cases at HRTO, but this is the fish,
I either win here, or go home. I'll probably never get another chance like this!!!! The whole point is I don't care you're international corporation with a TOS, the TOS is illegal in my country, it overrides and removes my rights under the law, and I think if you operate in my country you should follow our laws, Just like I had to comply when German law (NetzDG) said my antifascist satirical song GOING FULL FASCIST had to come down. I'm a Canadian who has to follow German Law, I just want Canada to wake up, and realize we should do the reverse as well, if you do business in Canada you should follow our laws. I theoretically have a right to free speech in Canada under the charter, but on Youtube I don't have that right, there are many legal things I cannot talk about or post, I think that should change, Canada granted me those rights, I don't think a Google TOS should invalidate them, but Canada needs to stand up in cases like this. If they ultimately Claim Jurisdiction to dismiss the Soundcloud case I'll eat my hat out of pure frustration, I probably would appeal or go to Judicial review at that point. But so far the Judge's have impressed me with their unbiased and fair behavior and decisions. I do not feel oppressed by the Judges, I think they are giving me a fair chance.