All of the voicework read out by ∞ in Alpha Resurrection 2:  ∞'s REVENGE (so far)
Most of this is behind a paywall, but it's all public. The first game was a visual novel on Steam
that got taken out in conjunction with an attack on another game, a religious satire they wanted getten rid of. It was a Satanic Testament, and really fit the part, Alpha Resurrection was a minigame about 2 hours long, a visual novel, the only one i've ever made, that was like an ultraviolent version of Virtue's Last Reward, or 999 to a lesser extent.
For the second game, we've stripped away the videogame elements entirely
and it's playing out in reality to save time, this increases immersion, and makes the story
more believable and engaging.
So, here are all the speeches by ∞ so far, these are going to real big institutions like
CAMH and the THE POLICE and SUNO and SOUNDCLOUD IS THERE, i'm suing the notorious KINGSTON ROAD CONDO BOARD, who i threw a bottle of baileys at the board of directors head, who i'm now trying to sue (we'll see if they approve it) Because I genuinely believe in context I was the victim in that situation, but i won't get into it for now so whet your appetite for later........ ODSP PARKDALE, the works, every institution, every individual almost that ever hurt me or brought me grief is there, I'm even suing my UNCLE SAM. For starving me to the point of near death over 3 months of agonizing torment at Kingston Road until trying to kill someone literally became the only way to survive!!!
They're all there in this big giant suit. BRENDAN ROSE AND THE BIG BLUE SUIT is what I call it,
I also have a big blue suit i bought for court, we'll see if I need it, I'm requesting email only proceedings in
all cases, and the right to use this infinity voice (which was referred to only as Text To Speech based filings, if they grant that they can't rightly tell me which service I'm allowed to use, Elevenlabs Kawaii Aerisita is definitely the best quality voice on the market. That's the one I pick, and that's who's reading out these speeches I've been making, which you may notice are now becoming extremely numerous.)
The deal with the cops is intended as an actual deal, they can take it or leave it.
The deal with CAMH is just a fuck you, I'm not dealing with that institution, maybe if the situation gets even more out of hand than it already is, they might eventually have to pickup on that deal,
but even then I'd probably reissue a harsher deal if i had more leverage, that's the gold standard,
I issue them (Like Stephen Cahill counsel for Soundcloud) a deal that seems a bit much,
given the situation, something they might accept later in arbitration (the price goes up in arbitration)
or maybe later afterwards in the rollup to the hearing (the price goes up again)
It's designed to make escape feel just out of reach at all times,
Too hard of a deal to accept at this time, but maybe later (and the price goes up)
I am in fact heading to the hearing. The hearing is my goal in all cases.
We'll see how it goes, some of my behavior has been questionable,
I'm hoping I'm not warned or NOIDed or declared vexatious outright,
but as I'm not TRYING to be vexatious, if I am, it's an accident,
and since it's HRTO not a civil or divisional court, they're more forgiving of mistakes,
especially if on the whole your case has substance, they're less likely to dismiss it on trivia.
So bascially we're saving a bundle of time on Video Game Development and Game Systems,
We just cut that right out, and made it into a live action thriller, playing out in reality,
cutting down production costs to just emails and songs and speeches by infinity,
Barely any need to code game systems at all, except for my website,
important in the lore of infinity.

So, what do you think?

Do you like my anime voice?

My anime villain avatar?

If they get far enough into the 999/VLR storyline they discover eventually
that the "badguy" is just another victim of this place, and he's trapped too,
like all the others......