Amy,

Those weren't gifts.

You don't provide enough for rent, You don't provide anything for rent.

Because you only provide enough to live on the street homeless, Sam paid rent direct to the landlord.

We told you this, you said you were fine with it, then i go to HRTO and sue your organization, and suddenly my benefits are cut completely.

I have enough food for three days, Christine has cutoff all food money, Sam will NOT pay for any medication of any kind, He will not pay any additional money for food. I will now begin to starve when that runs out, by the end of the month I will be dead if no one intervenes. My family are not moneybags Amy, they will not help me at all, you are wrong that cutting me off results in them helping me more, actually, they hate weakness, they immediately cutoff all funds and attempt to kill me. They are not really family. They are monsters.

I would rather die than go to a homeless mission, actually quite literally.

Why do you think that's a gift?

That's a horrific abusive situation, arguably murderous in application.

That's not a gift, Amy.

It was rent paid to the landlord to prevent agonizing and painful protracted death similar.... identical to a concentration camp death. Starvation over months leading to eventually death, which is a mercy to a human skeleton with no food.

Amy, please explain how that is a gift?

Are you sure you won't change your mind after hearing this?

That's not a gift, that's paying rent to the landlord direct. You agreed it was fine.

Do you have some other requirement?

Do you wanna get Sam to pay you, and you pay my landlord,
She only accepts cash, she is old, she doesn't like etransfer,
she can request whatever form of payment she chooses,
She will not budge.

...

If Sam e-transfers the money to you,
Can you send someone to give it to my landlord as cash.

Alternatively, can I just please pay the damn rent?

Why can't "I" just pay her?

Why did you cutoff the rent for that exact reason.

I asked if you were human, I don't need to ask anymore.

A) A human reads this, realizes the problem immediately,
Writes back quickly in order to give me instructions on what
I need to do, to save myself from dying of starvation?

B) A non-human monster, must shield herself from any liability,
For she is evil, and causes people to die for a living. She closes the provocative email without replying. It is legally precarious. She leaves the man to die.

Pick one.