Amy,

This is coincidental timing to say the least,
It has the effect of crippling me financially
in the middle of the case against CAMH, TPS Hate Crimes Unit,
and Soundcloud, it cripples all these cases.
You assume I am entitled to my mother's money,
as if it is mine, rather you are bankrupting my family
and our house was sold because of this.

Previously you had indicated, rent being paid directly
(via me) to my landlord by my Uncle, if i recall,
it seemed like it would not be factored in,
He's just paying the rent, they're not gifts.
After that's factored in

Maam, you're requesting one of two things,
A) You are requesting I go onto the street and become homeless.
B) As an alternative, you wish to bankrupt my family and feel entitled to all my mother's money.
C) Clarify this now, are my drug benefits still covered?
Or are you going to starve me of medication until i lose my mind and go insane on the street? You did not mention this in your reply so please clarify. It is a disastrous decision if true, murderous to my health. Please clarify that point NOW, before we begin your FORM 1 at HRTO.

Am i clear, you are requesting I leave my home and go onto the street? The amount you offer at ODSP is not enough for even rent OR food, it pays for neither fully. Do you want me to go into one of those, closets for mentally ill homeless people, 500 dollars a month for a bedbug infested roach ridden "home", surround by crack addicts and heroin junkies.

I feel this is not really the life for me.

I request you reconsider your polices, I will request in my FORM 1 that you provide enough for rent and food, $3000 a month, a change of policy. This is in accord with what many people have been saying,
you impose brutal poverty resulting in homelessness and death
for your "victims".

Anyway the gifts are under the gift limit, or close to it,
The money from Sam was rent paid directly to the landlord,
which you do not provide, then when family has to bankrupt
themself in order to care for me, you use that lack of care
to deny service when family saves the person from the street.

It is imposed poverty designed to put me on the street,
If anyone saves me, you deny service. On the basis 