Re: The Lying - The Rumors - Brendan S. Rose - Regarding Ken's Threats of False Charges - 2026-67461-I (HATE CRIMES UNIT) 2026-68857-I (CAMH)
From
Stored with zero-access encryption
Thesulfurgod@protonmail.com<thesulfurgod@protonmail.com>
Star message
JUSTICE FOR ALL
Has 4 attachments (19.50 MB)
12:40 PMTuesday, September 15th, 2026 at 12:40 PM
To
hrto.registrar@Ontario.ca<hrto.registrar@ontario.ca>
Michele Warner<Michele.Warner@camh.ca>
Associate SDM1288 (SDM)<asdm1288@shoppersdrugmart.ca>
Molly Lowson<Molly.Lowson@toronto.ca>
Hide details
Tuesday, September 15th, 2026 at 12:40 PM

"Concern"

Is a song about the slow relentless drift towards nazism
from it's formulation in bigoted attitudes towards disabled and mentally ill people
like me. To it's final horror, in the atrocities of the camps.

Throwing away the wheelchair, is a threat directed at ME, Eman,
by people like you, who would do that kind of thing, Ford Voters,
Like how you kicked me out, because i asked to be equal, treated the same as any other customer.

Throwing away Eman's Wheelchair, makes absolutely no sense at all
if you allege this song is about her, or has anything to do with her whatsoever,
it does not.

Eman do you think this song is about you?

Eman do you have jerking hands like tourettes guy, (I do) listed in this song,
What possible reason do you have to think this song is about you?

It maps the slow drift into nazism, first from hatred of the disabled, to "kicking out crutches, old man"
then into tourettes guy, then Umbrella Girl, the nazis start targeting unsavory women now,
a lot more menacing than their previous targets, some people start secretly wondering if this
was the movement for them, and eventually they are killing pregnant women in camps,
viciously, with a smile on their face. And it starts by picking out an unwanted individual
like myself, and making an example of him, that's how it starts.

That is the message I am trying to send,
How on earth did you see yourself in this mirror Eman?

Then the "concern" rolling verses, which are a brutal critique of police officers,
who have brutalized me in the name of "concern" in the name of doctors
and staff and family who are also "concerned" and have the perfect solution,
A relaxing vacation in a STONE CELL, to work it off in the spa/jail.

It's brutal really, Eman, do people abuse you for "concern" over the state
of your mental health? I doubt it, why do you think this song is about you?

Why are you ordering your staff to lie about me?
And ruin my life? I am a traumatized cripple,
WHY ARE YOU HURTING ME LIKE THIS!!!!
I DID NOTHING YOU SAID I DID, 
WHATEVER IT WAS, KEN SAID I THREATENED YOU,
then took it back on camera, and probably doubled down after that.

Why have you been ruining my life for several years with
accusations that have resulted in 8 assaults against me,
and the total exclusion from our society socially?
Everyone calls me that now because you told them to!
Because you spread that rumor, don't you know you can get people killed?
Now you're lying to put my in jail, from what Ken said,
MY GOD, LEAVE ME ALONE!!!!!!

I jsut want to get justice from you in the Tribunal,
I have a right to, you should not be allowed to commit reprisal
by making up slanderous claims, [JUDGE NOTE THIS: Reprisal, through RUMORS, it's a PATTERN]

So Eman, when an email discuses you,
Unless the tribunal directs me otherwise,
I will include you so i cannot be accused of 
leaving you in the dark when you are hopefully served notice.

Inshallah,
one day i pray we will get there......

Concern has nothing to do with you Eman,
It has absolutely nothing to do with Shoppers Drug Mart, I don't write songs about you loser.


Congratulations,
Brendan S. Rose
EUR0CORP
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com
[A DIVISION OF LUCIFER MEDIA CORPORATION]


19.02 MB
5 files attached,
1 embedded image
Download all attachments


CONCERN (1).mp3
8.10 MB

8.10 MB


CONCERN (2).mp3
7.59 MB

7.59 MB


FORM 23 - STANDARD POLICE PACKAGE 5.pdf
777.06 KB

777.06 KB


FORM 23 - STANDARD CAMH PACKAGE 4.pdf
777.02 KB

777.02 KB


image1789490415415
40.58 KB

