Hey guys,
I'm sorry I don't use this format enough,
Critique is something I like, but only in limited circumstances.

So I hear what you're saying, but first I gotta clear up some things.

You advised me to change my format from 57 different versions of songs,
to mini-EP's or, albums with individual tracks, but this completely misses the point of my format,
I specifically like making 50-100 versions of every track i make (assuming i can afford the generations)
because that is how I like my music. I don't want to agonize making 25 songs in one album,
each an individual song, and nothing more, just leave it at that. First of all they're not "slightly altered"
they're different genres, and each generated song is COMPLETELY different, Suno doesn't make the same
song twice, and I like shifting genres as much I can, so each song is gonna be made in (usually) (primarily)
disco, my favorite genre..... but then you'll also 20 versions in rap and hip-hop or gangsta rap, you might
get some j-pop versions, or girlband screamo, or punk, or country, or industrial electronic/industrial metal,
or shock rock, or any number of other things. This gives each song a freshness, if you want to listen to my
song, you're not listening to one song and you're done. You have 100 versions to choose from,
so you can ALWAYS listen to a different version, you can always find something new, a new and different 
version, there's enough that you never really run out, and when you come back later, there's enough
to hold your interest. You can listen to just one, (the first song, the definitive version for the album)
or you can sit there for 5 hours if you really want to, and listen to them all! It's all about giving the user
enough room to listen to it however they want, super casually just one song, or if they want,
listen all day to 100 different versions in super hardcore ultrafan mode (I do have ultrafans who listen
like this, or i did, i'm not sure if they're still here, I tend to meetup with them, and then be a jerk and 
scare them off [in 100% of cases]). You told me, this might be jarring for the listener,
but I'm not making my songs for the listener. I make them for myself, if someone else likes
what I make, GREAT!!! But that's not who I'm making them for, this music is my only entertainment
except deepdives, debates and critiques from you guys. I just make songs all day, usually,
then i post them to Soundcloud and my App, the Lokiskingdom app (which is the best way to listen
to my music) like, this music is for my own enjoyment, so maybe, tailor your critique away from
what's good for the listener, and towards, what would I enjoy more? Also if 100 versions of a song
is too jarring, my app makes it really easy to switch between albums, so if you get bored of a track,
you just click the album tab, and choose another album, right now i have about 62 or 63 albums
each one an individual song, (except one album where i took your advice and put 55 different songs
together in one album [I don't listen to it much, I like my format. But it was VERY popular with listeners.])
and you can just swap out whenever, to the next song of your choice, they're all arranged in a big list!
[my heart breaks for an unrelated reason.] So, I'm making my songs in this format, because I enjoy it,
it's the format that brings me the most happiness, it's the way i like to listen to my songs,
I wish Marilyn Manson would catch on that he should make 100 Suno Versions of every song he ever made,
Suddenly he'd have 100000 songs to my piddling 18000, and I'd feel like a chump, but it would breathe
new life into Marilyn Manson, and I might even listen to the old fart again, but they manipulate the market
so AI music makes nothing the whores! So "human" artists (unlike me apparently) are the only ones who
make money, (despite fucking sucking) so I'll probably never hear that 2000 track version of Antichrist Superstar, and Suno would ban me if i tried to make it myself.

Second, you suggested, I should remake the intro to the secret song, to be a space parody
or a fictional story about 1920's cartels or something, this HELLA misses the point.
That intro was recorded in late 2023 or most likely early 2024 during an absolutely CRAZY
time in my life, when I was just, dealing with a lot of criminality and, as a man it was not a time
I can ever be proud of, shame is appropriate for that period, i even lost people who mattered
to me because of my behavior off my meds at that time. But what I can't bring myself to regret
is the ART i made in that time. It is some of the most shocking and beautiful art I have ever seen,
most of it can't be posted anymore, as it's just too extreme, WAAAAAAAY too extreme, even delving
into nazi anthems and other things like that, even worse stuff. The Long version of this song is
one of them. ("red rooms") That intro, no I can't remake that intro with changes, it was recorded
at a particular time, like a .... to me changing or altering that thing is akin to heresy.

It would strip it of all meaning to remake it, for any reason, especially silly reasons
like what you mentioned, shielding myself from liability or whatever, like who cares?
Worst of the worst case scenario if this came up in court, the cops would get the case
dropped, that’s mostly all. I don’t think I’m getting arrested over this. It’s a dropped
case at HRTO at the WORST of the WORST case scenarios. [my heart breaks again for the same
reason, i’m gonna be nicer to that girl] It’s a disaster sure, but honestly I don’t
expect to make it to hearing, I’m trying to get as far as I can, and maybe if i fail,
to do better next time. I’m not, married to a win I know, is unlikely to occur.
So, yeah that’s heresy, changing that intro, that perfectly worded intro,
with a reading (you can’t hear via text) that is so scary and shocking it beggars belief,
the text doesn’t do it justice, it’s SHOCKING. In any case, I actually believe the measures
I took should be sufficient, I’m not worried what will happen if the police crack my app,
because i don’t think they will, don’t think they’ll bother. If they did, I think the measures
i took, would ensure I’m not getting accused of threatening them, when i tried very hard
to STOP THEM from seeing it. And even if that happened, Yeah it’s artistic piece of work,
It was recorded WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY before this case happened, to say i made it to threaten
them is just wrong, to say it was there to threaten them at all, is just wrong.
It is a fictional monologue about a fictional store on the dark web (which i still might build)
where I convert my dogshit (human money) into money (crypto) and then buy a store on the darkweb,
selling music (my website basically converted to dark web version, Grok tells me this is possible, I plan to at some point, above board as I stated, just a music shop, and nothing
else, nothing illegal going on, sitting there in a den of illegality, with criminals everywhere,
but, my shop, would be perfectly legal, just selling [or rather giving away] music to anyone
who wants to come in. Just the audacity of that, to go in a place where everyone goes to
commit crimes, and just setup a legit music shop (like the CIA did on their Dark Web Website)
to me that’s funny.... To me that’s an exciting journey, and a good way to both avoid boredom,
and archive and backup my music to yet another source and location, making it THAT MUCH HARDER
to erase me from existence when i die, which it’s starting to look like, at this point,
will never happen.) and then just sit there in this den of criminals, criminals coming and
going as they listen to my stuff, police probably coming and going as they investigate
what the fuck is going on with this music shop? It’s supposed to be like Recettear, an Item Shop Tale, just in a WAAAAAAAAAAY different setting. And my guess is, probably they won’t execute
the cops who dare to walk into my music shop sniffing around, as I presented it in my song.

I think you said some other stuff, but those two criticisms, I felt I had to address.

Thank you for your critique, I’ll let you get to it,
and you THE DEEPDIVE: I’m sending this to you too,
and the DEBATE. Let’s just do the whole WHOOPAH!!!!