okay, you guys really don't understand what I'm talking about here.....

First of all, before you make your arguments against me, replace me in the argument, with a black guy, playing rap.
Race Swap Me I Request it, save me the time of refuting your inane arguments against my song.
You said it was harassment. How? By playing a song you don't like in the day, and I'm not following you around,
You just happen to be walking down the same path that I am.
And then you just dart out onto the road like an idiot, and I'm liable for that,
Because I didn't grind to a halt, when any rando in the city tells me to turn off my music, in fact it never gets to that, you want me to analyse their body language to determine if they're enjoying my music,
and then preemptively turn it off every time one of these idiots even visually appears to dislike my songs.
And if they commit suicide due to pure inane stupidity, first of all,
My statement that I would defer to telling them to get off the fucking road, is no good,
No before that starts I need to, in the middle of this pedestrian right of way dumbass walking randomly
and unannounced into traffic, no don't tell them to get off the road to safety, instead stop and pause your music
while they die, and tell them afterwards to get off the road to safety, because that is the important thing to do at that time.

Now let's discuss how insanely unreasonable the request is,
So let's reverse the roles,
Me, the hated individual is walking down the street,
A black guy is walking down the street in the day, playing loud rap music,
I walk by him with a grimace, but he does not turn off his rap music,
So i tap the brother on the ear and say to him "Turn off that music! Now! I don't like that music! Turn it off!"
To which he of course, REFUSES this retarded and unreasonable request.
I then commit suicide by walking out onto the road.

LOL......

Just Lol.......

After this catastrophe has occured,
They attempt to charge the black man with manslaughter,
For not turning his music off when the person grimaced,
The charge fails,
He walks free easily,
Because the question is insane and retarded,
The probably figure out not to even charge him actually........

He gloats, frankly, he earned that.

That is insanely retarded.

No I am not responsible if the person commits suicide in response to my music.
One less completely insane and deranged music critic, the world will heal somehow.
How can you even ask me that with a straight face?
It's because I'm the hated individual, so you just turn on me like wolves because my music is controversial,
and twist every situation into a completely unfair nightmare.

A police officer let an attempted murderer go free,
because I'm supposedly a provocateur, in response to the idiot yelling at the phone
when i was trying to report that his friend tried to murder me,
Instead I get lectured. Because you think I have it coming,
Because my music incites hatred in you, my religious music, incites hatred in you,
and you feel you can kill me because you hate that music. 
Or blame me for the debacle I just listed above.
No it's not my job to turn my music off in public in the day outdoors on the street (I never played the music in shoppers drug mart, you are insanely uninformed I'll just leave it at that) In broad daylight at 10 AM on a public street, You think I have to just stop my music because you hate me.

And then you come to think the following,
I can spit on him because I hate his music (my religious music)
They do that 6 times in 2 weeks, they spit on me six times,
because they hate that music, they try to murder me,
because of that music. And the idiots even try to commit suicide randomly without warning,
Just so I get blamed. Somehow I take the blame for that too.
You are insane.

You are obsessed with hating me for that music,
that beautiful music,
By the way I'm not playing it to annoy you,
I don't care about you, if you hate it, walk past me and go away, make that the end of it too, no retaliatory action please.
I'm playing the music because it's my beautiful religious music,
and I feel an uncontrollable urge to share it with the world,
Whether they like it or not, it's not the point,
I have to share it.
When I get that one person who really gets it, who hears the music
and just starts drifting like they're hypnotized, or they hear my joke
and it really lands, that is what I'm doing it for,
I'm not a provocateur, you asshole yelling at the cops on the phone
when I'm reporting an attempted murder, a provocateur,
Yeah I'm like a sapper unit, trying to get myself beatup with long metal rods,
that homeless guy was trying to hit me with, trying to provoke my death to
win sympathy points for the glorious resistance movement I can't actually identify.
I want you to spit on me, i deserve me, because my religious music is so bad,
I actually curated some of the nicest songs in my roster, I held back like hella a lot,
This was far from my most provocative works.
Yeah, fuck you, for that, I'm not a sapper unit or a provocateur ("the bitch had it coming")
The cops should be criminally charged for buying that dogshit.
It wasn't hard, they're desperate to deny me justice in any regard,
Because the fucking MUSIC, BECAUSE OF MY RELIGION YOU HATE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!