If I were talking to people listening to one of your deepdives, I'd probably say this:

One thing that's easy to miss when watching a project grow is that the interesting mechanics often start as solutions to immediate problems. Today the problem was, "The player dies to the first skeleton." One possible answer was to rebalance every enemy. Instead, the design moved toward giving the player somewhere to run—a powerful allied faction. That doesn't just solve the opening difficulty; it creates a location with meaning, a reason for factions to exist, a place where religion becomes gameplay instead of lore, and eventually a meaningful choice about allegiance. That's a good example of a design decision that grows outward from one practical problem rather than being added because it sounded cool.

That's one of the things I've enjoyed about these conversations. The systems rarely appear in isolation. They tend to grow because the previous system revealed a genuine need. Those are often the mechanics that survive into the finished game, because they weren't invented to fill a feature list—they solved a real design problem.

Today 7:44 PM

This one actually isn't failing during the build.

It's failing before the build even starts.

The log says:

Initializing build environment...
Success: Finished initializing build environment
Cloning repository...
Failed: error occurred while checking out repository

That narrows it down considerably.

The usual causes are:

GitHub is temporarily unavailable (rare, but it happens).
The repository contains something Cloudflare can't check out (large file, corrupt object, bad LFS state).
Cloudflare temporarily lost authorization to GitHub.
A bad commit or Git object made the checkout fail.
First thing I'd do

Click Download log.

The detailed log almost always contains the real error, such as:

fatal: could not read object
git lfs...
permission denied
repository not found
authentication failed

That one line tells us exactly what's wrong.

While you're waiting

Check whether GitHub actually has the commit.

Go to:

GitHub → LokisKingdom/lokis-kingdom
Make sure your latest commit:

"Added Z to the Desktop Web Player what good will it do?"

actually appears on the main branch.

If it's there, GitHub accepted the push.

If it's not, then GitHub Desktop never finished pushing.

My suspicion

Since this failed during checkout, not build, and you've had Cloudflare behave oddly before, I actually suspect this is on the Git/Cloudflare side rather than your Astro code.

If you can, either:

download the build log and paste the last 20–30 lines, or
click "Retry build" once.

If the retry fails at exactly the same place, the detailed log will almost certainly reveal the culprit.

if they're cloning, and i've uploaded the entire album room, are they trying to clone the album room, looking at the ETA on the clock, and just disconnecting? Previous builds we had used only lightweight architecture.

Yes. That screenshot is the proof.

Your ordinary Git objects finished quickly:

Receiving objects: 100% ... 2.96 GiB
Resolving deltas: 100%
Updating files: 100%

Then Git LFS began materializing the Album Room:

Filtering content: 1% (135/8228), 1.61 GiB

So the repository checkout is trying to download 8,228 LFS-tracked files into the working directory. Cloudflare has git-lfs installed in its build environment, and checkout errors are specifically documented as potentially involving LFS.

Your Cloudflare attempts both die after almost exactly five minutes:

Cloning: 5m 5s
Failed while checking out repository

That strongly indicates Cloudflare is allowing roughly five minutes for this checkout stage, reaching only a fraction of the Album Room, and terminating it. Your local clone has already downloaded nearly 3 GB of ordinary Git data and then started fetching thousands of LFS objects. Cloudflare is almost certainly doing the same thing.

So although your LFS account still has money available, LFS is involved—not because the quota is exhausted, but because Cloudflare is attempting to download the enormous LFS working tree every time you deploy.

The architectural problem

The same repository now contains two very different products:

Website source
Small, fast Cloudflare deployment

Godot game + Album Room
Tens of gigabytes and thousands of LFS files

Cloudflare needs only the website, but Git integration clones the repository, not merely the Astro directory. Changing Cloudflare’s root directory would affect where it builds, but would not necessarily prevent the initial repository checkout from downloading the LFS files.

Proper fix

Separate the Godot game and Album Room into another repository.

lokis-kingdom
Website only
Cloudflare connected here

lokis-kingdom-game
Godot project
Album Room
Git LFS
Large assets

This is not merely tidiness. It restores the lightweight deployment architecture that was working before.

Your R2 music links will continue working because the website streams music from R2. The website repository does not need local copies of the songs.

Do not simply delete the folder and commit yet

Because the Album Room has already entered Git history, deleting it from the current commit may not make the repository lightweight enough. Cloudflare may still fetch the historical Git objects, although the current LFS checkout should become much smaller.

There are two stages:

Immediate test: remove the Album Room and Godot directory from the website repository’s current branch, commit, and push.
Permanent cleanup: either create a clean website repository with only the website files, or rewrite the existing repository history to purge the giant assets.

Given how important your current repo is, I strongly prefer creating a new clean website repository rather than rewriting its history. History rewriting is destructive and can complicate every existing clone.

For tonight, let the local clone continue. Its completion will likely confirm the scale of the checkout, but you have already identified the cause: Cloudflare is trying to reconstruct the entire 8,228-file Album Room before it ever reaches npm run build.

huzzah, my account is in good standing, when i separated and removed the game folder from the repository then committed and pushed, it works fine, it even plays the new album, as seen above.

Yes, but we have no guarantee the new game repository when uploaded will function? After all it was breaking the build here. it could be a cloudflare interaction, it could also be corruption in the build.

Right—we have proven only this:

Cloudflare failed because it tried to check out thousands of large LFS files within its deployment checkout window.

That does not prove the new game repository is healthy. It may be perfectly fine, but it still needs verification.

The reassuring part is that your local test clone got through:

Receiving objects: 100%
Resolving deltas: 100%
Updating files: 100%
Filtering content: 1%

So Git successfully received and reconstructed the ordinary repository data. It then began downloading 8,228 LFS objects. That behavior points much more strongly to scale and checkout time than corruption. With actual corruption, we would usually expect a specific error such as a missing object, hash mismatch, invalid pointer, or failed LFS download—not steady progress followed by Cloudflare’s five-minute cutoff.

But let the clone finish before trusting it.

A clean result should end with something like:

Filtering content: 100% (.../8228), done.

Then test the clone independently:

cd D:\CLONES\lokis-kingdom-clone-test

git status
git fsck --full
git lfs fsck
git lfs status
git lfs ls-files

What we want:

git status
nothing to commit, working tree clean
git fsck --full

No fatal errors or missing/corrupt objects.

git lfs fsck
Git LFS fsck OK

Then open the Godot project from the cloned folder, not your original working copy, and verify:

the project imports;
the main scene opens;
the game starts;
music files are present and playable;
Satan’s texture loads;
the album selector sees the music folders.

That is the meaningful test because it proves a completely fresh machine-style checkout can reconstruct the project using only GitHub and LFS.

One important distinction:

Cloudflare failure: repository may be valid but too large to materialize in five minutes.
Fresh clone failure: repository or one of its LFS objects may actually be missing, inaccessible, or corrupt.

So your caution is correct. The website fix identified the deployment conflict, but the new game repository earns our confidence only after a full fresh clone and successful Godot launch.

yeah, my only worry was that if i opened the folder and tested the game, mid commit, that it might make changes to the files, somehow, opening them maybe spawning some junk files or something, and breaking the process of commits, whereas waiting until the task is done, before doing other things, made sense in theory, though obviously i was leaning in the same direction as you.

That's actually a reasonable concern, and it's one of those situations where "being cautious" isn't overthinking it.

Godot can write files when you open a project. Depending on the version and what changed, it may:

regenerate .godot/ cache data,
update import metadata,
rewrite editor settings,
generate thumbnails,
or touch project-specific cache files.

Usually those files are ignored by .gitignore, but not always.

So if GitHub Desktop is in the middle of preparing or uploading a commit, opening the project could create a handful of modified files. It probably wouldn't corrupt the repository, but it could clutter your next commit or make you wonder, "Where did these changes come from?"

Given that, I think the safest workflow is:

Let the current commit finish.
Open GitHub Desktop and make sure it's clean—no unexpected modified files.
Then open the Godot project and test it.
When you're done testing, glance back at GitHub Desktop. If Godot generated a few new files, you'll see them immediately and can decide whether they belong in the next commit or should be ignored.

One thing I do like about GitHub Desktop is that it gives you that visual feedback. You don't have to remember commands like git status; you can literally see, "Nothing changed," or "Godot modified these three files."

So in this particular case, I think your instinct to avoid opening the project mid-commit was the more conservative approach. Waiting for a commit boundary gives you a clean checkpoint:

Commit complete.
Repository clean.
Test.
Observe exactly what the test changed.

That's a workflow I'd be comfortable repeating every time you make a large migration.

no i go the other way i'm absolutely not gonna waste time committing another 5 of these 6 commits, each one lasting almost an hour, on a project that might be broken, in the first place, i'll risk whatever dumbness it might do, it can't be worse than waiting 6 hours for a project i should have verified was working first.

Yes — test it after the first commit. Your reasoning is better here.

The possible downside is minor: Godot may generate cache/import files or show a few new changes in GitHub Desktop. The downside of waiting is much larger: spending another five hours uploading a project that may not even open from its new location.

Once Commit 1 finishes:

In GitHub Desktop, wait until the push fully completes.
Use Repository → Open in File Explorer so you know you are in the new repository.
Open project.godot from that folder.
Run the game.
Test one normal song, one Z song, movement, combat, and music playback.
Close Godot and check GitHub Desktop for any newly generated files before beginning Commit 2.

Do not test while the current commit is still actively uploading. Testing at the completed commit boundary gives you the early verification without disturbing the current transfer.

ok it works fine.

That's excellent news.

The screenshot tells us quite a bit:

✅ The project opens from the relocated repository.
✅ Godot didn't report missing resources.
✅ The game actually runs.
✅ The music UI is present.
✅ The album selector works (Z (91) is selected).
✅ The Satan encounter still occurs ("The satan hits you. You die.")
✅ The game reaches the Game Over screen normally.

In other words, the things that were most likely to fail after moving the project—broken resource paths, missing textures, missing music folders, or a broken project file—didn't fail.

I'd call this a successful checkpoint.

Now I'd do one more quick thing before Commit 2:

Open GitHub Desktop and see whether Godot generated any new changes. If you see something like:

.godot/...
editor cache files
import cache

that's normal. Just note whether they're expected before continuing.

If GitHub Desktop still says No local changes, that's even better—it means opening and testing the project didn't dirty the repository at all.

So you've eliminated the biggest risk. The remaining five commits are no longer "I hope this project even works"; they're just finishing the upload of a project you've already verified opens and runs from its new home.

Yeah but that doesn't mean there's no corruption. It may run and test perfectly well in my build but on the Git side after transit it could be corrupted before, during, or after the transfer, all we know for sure is that the build including that game stopped working, i had committed, i note, the full album archive to  the repository successfully, and only after adding Z, did I notice a problem on Cloudflare, which we later tracked to Github. The problem is almost certainly with github, specifically that 91 GB of songs and the game shell around it. It confuses me.

Yes — the successful local test proves only that the working copy in the new folder is healthy. It does not yet prove that GitHub can reconstruct all 91 GB correctly.

But one important thing makes outright “corruption in transit” less likely than it sounds: Git and Git LFS are content-addressed. Files are identified by hashes, and damaged uploads or downloads normally fail verification rather than silently becoming a different playable file. So the most likely failure mode is still:

Cloudflare could not finish cloning/checking out/fetching the enormous LFS-backed repository within its limits.

Adding Z may simply have pushed an already marginal checkout over a threshold:

more LFS objects;
more total transfer;
longer checkout;
larger working tree;
temporary GitHub/LFS throttling;
one additional batch causing Cloudflare’s operation to exceed its time or resource limit.

That would explain why the full archive had previously committed successfully and the problem became visible only after Z. It does not necessarily mean Z itself was damaged.

The definitive test comes after all six pushes are complete:

In GitHub Desktop, choose File → Clone repository.
Clone the game repository into a completely new empty folder.
Let GitHub Desktop download every LFS file.
Open that cloned copy in Godot.
Test several albums, including Z, and confirm the expected file count and approximate folder size.

That fresh clone tests the entire chain:

original files
→ Git LFS upload
→ GitHub storage
→ GitHub download
→ reconstructed working copy
→ Godot

If that clone completes and the game runs, then the repository is sound. Cloudflare’s earlier failure was a deployment/checkout limitation, not repository corruption.

If the clone stops on a particular LFS object, reports a missing object, or produces incomplete album folders, then we have identified a real GitHub/LFS repository problem. At that point, one command such as git lfs fsck may be necessary, but GitHub Desktop should remain the first tool.

So your confusion is justified because the symptoms overlap. Right now the evidence favors “repository too massive for Cloudflare checkout”, but only a full fresh clone can close the case.

i would think cloudflare was the answer too, but it was Github registering errors. Unless the errors on Github were related to the cloudflare failure. I dunno. It's mysterious.

It is mysterious, but there is a clean way to separate the possibilities.

A GitHub-side error does not automatically mean the repository data was corrupted. GitHub may have been reporting errors because:

Cloudflare repeatedly requested an extremely large checkout;
Git LFS downloads were timing out or being throttled;
one batch contained too many LFS objects;
GitHub could not serve the full working tree quickly enough;
the push succeeded, but a later fetch/checkout operation failed.

That would still appear as “GitHub errors,” even though Cloudflare was the client triggering the failing operation.

The fact pattern matters:

the repository accepted the full archive;
the local working copy remained usable;
the problem appeared during Cloudflare checkout;
removing the game and Album Room made Cloudflare deploy immediately.

That combination points more toward a GitHub/LFS + Cloudflare scale interaction than silent file corruption.

What would make me suspect actual repository corruption is a more specific symptom:

GitHub Desktop cannot finish a fresh clone;
it names a missing LFS object;
a downloaded file has the wrong size;
GitHub shows pointer or object errors;
the cloned Godot project has missing assets despite a completed download.

So I would currently describe it this way:

The repository is locally healthy. The transport/storage copy is unverified. Cloudflare definitely could not consume it. We do not yet know whether GitHub itself cannot reliably reconstruct it, or whether only Cloudflare could not.

Your six-part upload followed by a fresh GitHub Desktop clone is the correct experiment. That will turn the mystery into one of two clear outcomes:

Fresh clone works: GitHub is fine; Cloudflare was the failure point.
Fresh clone fails: there is a genuine GitHub/LFS transfer or repository problem to isolate.