And you were running through the motions
no wrong, no intent To refute,
Clarify your abbreviations....
Play another round of the flute......

Ye found, ye I wrought,
Wroght with less than thee,
Quite outstanding!
Wrought you, rent you, routed you, quartered you,
with less than a third of your men, we quartered you totally,
and half of your men were now in my net,
and all the slight deals were looking more fine,
and all the sane days, would go away
We were moving into mine.
We were moving into the mine,
We were moving into the mine, the mine, the mine mine the mine,
WE WERE MOVING INTO THE MINE!!!!!

[electronic industrial interlude]

So what we had here was my net,
all of your pieces were trapped within in,
all of my pieces outside were going strong,
teaching what ought to be taught what is wrong,
Teaching the law of we don't give a shit,
Teaching the anarchy we live by it.

And the chaos beyond that,
and the dancers and the lipstick beyond that,
We just wanted to get by,
the prime ministers office so we can go inside,
all dressed in suits from head to toe,
thousands of us, all dressed in suits,
walking in suits, walking inside,
taking over all of the administrative posts,
taking what you have here, going inside,
taking what you want, drumped bringing it inside,
taking your girl there, for a ride,
taking you all, inside,
taking you wall inside, taking for for a look
at the diamond tonight,
and when you swell off it's all grief,
so little did you know but you took the thief

[HARD ELECTRONIC STROBE LIGHT]

And you were running through the motions again
no wrong, no intent To refute, you're gonna win it,
Clarify your abbreviations.... cut the tone
Play another round of the flute...... so alone

Ye found, ye I wrought, in two
Wroght with less than thee, than me and you,
Quite outstanding! Sliced so nice tonight,
Wrought you, rent you, routed you, quartered you, alight,
with less than a third of your men, we quartered you totally,
and half of your men were now in my net, electrocuted,
and all the slight deals were looking more fine, sprechtgerfluted,
and all the sane days, would go away, ach mein deustch est ist blank
We were moving into mine. honk honk honk!!!
We were moving into the mine, mit mein kleid,
We were moving into the mine, the mine, the mine mine the mine, in time,
WE WERE MOVING INTO THE MINE!!!!! WAS IST DAS FUR GUT MEIN LIED?

[electronic industrial interlude]

Mein Augen!

So what we had here was my net,
all of your pieces were trapped within in,
all of my pieces outside were going strong,
teaching what ought to be taught what is wrong,
Teaching the law of we don't give a shit,
Teaching the anarchy we live by it.

ist in der Schmidt ist it est it ist, 
mr Schmidt cleared his throat and vomit coming outta it

And the chaos beyond that, all that chaos for one little cat,
and the dancers and the lipstick beyond that, all that blood for my little cat,
We just wanted to get by, but my cat thought, why do i cry
the prime ministers office so we can go inside, why do i cry when my soul is honest?
all dressed in suits from head to toe, they say that they are good but they don't know!
thousands of us, all dressed in suits, pure balloon stripes flutes and lutes,
walking in suits, walking inside, obsessed with lutes, dying by it,
taking over all of the administrative posts, setting up many stone castles and moats,
taking what you have here, going inside, looking for a reason to write to deny it
taking what you want, drumped bringing it inside, singing all night about celibate anti-carnivore diet,
taking your girl there, for a ride, taking the box man, and putting him inside
taking you all, inside, putting you in a cardboard box when I'm a child,
taking you wall inside, taking for for a look, you come and scream at me but now look, you deleted the tapes, cuz you ruined the spectacle
at the diamond tonight, there's no diamond, there's no night,
and when you swell off it's all grief, so run off now you fuckin' thief,
so little did you know but you took the thief

[HARD ELECTRONIC STROBE LIGHT]

CALL THE POLICE!!!!!!