The question regarding TPS and the Hate Crimes Unit,
at that time...

Well, the spitting case was actually a mix of incidents,
all porridged into each other. Often when i try to explain a complex
situation or concept somebody, then begin arguing with me before i can even begin to
explain what i am saying, we never begin discussing the issue we were there to talk about,
instead they begin talking over me, barking questions, and other condescending things,
later if i have not told them fully everything they needed to know, I am accused of hiding
things and not telling them, but telling them was impossible, due to this attitude towards me.

In the case of this man,
The position of the police appears to be
that i didn't say anything that could give them a suspect or an ID or something
(this was wrong, I had a description of one man, I had a photograph of the other)
but we never even got to talk about that, is the issue.

We never discussed my description of the suspect,
Because within seconds of beginning the call, that attitude was present,
a question or several was barked, the answer is complex, involving multiple incidents,
I begin talking about the first, i encounter a filibuster of dismissive statements,
and then he begins shutting down the call.

check the transcript: (my evidence by the way)

[within 1 minute he is already asking questions in order to transfer my call to 51 DIVISION
THE MOORE'S SUIT STORE, which was then helpfully diverted a second time with my help to 14 DIVISION, who offered me low quality, horrible food, surrounded by hostile lunatics, which
I don't need, and alternative lodging to JULIA'S WARM HOUSE, where I am very happy,
and well fed.]

[They offer a WELLNESS CHECK, which i misinterpret as a POLICE REPORT,
then realizing the horrible mistake, I am calling them desperately, or calmly,
to cancel it. I made it clear I was having an HRTO Complaint about this,
that i was recording it, and filing within a day or two]

[I did hold out hope that the call might work,
and maybe i could report a hate crime for my protected characteristic,
but I thought perhaps the dispatcher, might not be up to the task for some reason,
so i recorded the call. I am fully aware that they do not take my calls, I did not think they would here. The assaults being reported are real.]

[THE WELLNESS CHECK THEY WERE IN THE PROCESS OF COMPLETING,
WOULD HAVE RESULTED, GUARANTEED IN A HOLD FOR OBSERVATION,
THE SECOND, MUCH SMARTER AND CALMER DISPATCHER THEY SENT WAS MADE AWARE THAT THE TALK OF HTRO WAS LIKELY NOT GIBBERISH AFTER ALL. HE IMMEDIATELY DE-ESCALATED THE WELLNESS CHECK
WHEN THE HRTO WAS MENTIONED.]

[A POLICE OFFICER LATER ARRIVED AND TOOK MY REPORT,
HE DID NOT PROVIDE A REPORT NUMBER AS NO REPORT WAS FILED.
HE WAS FRIENDLY AND GOOD CONVERSATION, A KIND MAN, WITH A GRUFF EXTERIOR.
WE TALKED ABOUT JUDGE DREDD COMICS, THE ACTUAL REPORT WAS LISTENED TO,
I DON'T THINK IT HAD MUCH MERIT, I THINK ALOT OF THE REPORT WAS BASED ON
ASSUMPTIONS, EMOTIONS, RASHNESS, MISTAKES MAYBE, ALTHOUGH I REPEAT THERE WERE
A STRING OF REAL INCIDENTS, SOME VERY SEVERE, SOME LESS SO. I TRIED TO EXPLAIN THIS TO HIM
IN THE TIME PROVIDED, BUT I AM NOT AN LLM, THERE WAS A LOT TO TELL HIM, I WAS ABLE TO TELL HIM
ABOUT NONE OF IT, NOTHING WAS DISCUSSED IN ANY SIGNIFICANT DEGREE, I WAS THEN TRANSFERED OUT
BEFORE I COULD GET THE FIRST WORD IN EDGEWISE]

THESE ARE ALL MOTIVATED BY MUSIC (it is why I am reviled) [call that a lie: you don't live the lunacy of my life, these are all music....] :

A) There had been a long string of incidents,
An old man was spitting everywhere near me,
requiring all of his energy to resist the direct spit.

B) Someone spit right on my chest on the way to MOORES SUIT STORE
in DOWNTOWN CENTRAL FINANCIAL DISTRICT. [51 division, the likely confusion] 
(However it is possible, that i spit on myself, while hacking after coughing when smoking.
I didn't consider seriously enough that that was possible, 
I considered it and dismissed it. I now think that it's possible
but as this occurred three times, one then, once on my arm which i saw when i got home. [this is referred to by me as 3 incidents]

C) A man rode up on his bike and spat all over me,
I was being really annoying.

D) the Donatello stick guy is actually a really chill guy,
I misrepresented him, unintentionally.

E) When I was walking by an old guy who works at pizza hut,
a south east Asian man, which i reported to dispatch,
when i was walking by, he turned, spit, and as i was turning
he moved a bit, and it didn't land. He TRIED to spit on me.
I took his picture, sent it in the thread we'll use as evidence.
[SEE: TPS EMAIL CHAIN] I had his place of work, his picture,
easy to find this guy. I called it in.
The cop who showed up eventually, the one mentioned above,
took the report, threw it away.

F) at the end of this list, I would have then explained
why this was connected to mental illness (a purportedly protected ground)
which would probably have taken a long time to explain,
as it involves the particular oddities of thie neighborhood,
and as music motivated a lot of those issues,
it becomes even harder to explain.

NO REPORT NUMBER

The cop who took my report, a week later, after 9 hours on the phone over 1 week,
he listened, he took my report, he accepted most of what i said i think,
he didn't feel it was actionable enough to file a report likely,
but as he had TAKEN MY REPORT, I can't complain.
He was a professional, he listened, he took the report,
he decided my claims were not worth his time continuing.
I don't object to his assessment, on consideration my claims were
not based on good solid grounds. This does not erase however,
the incident with the officer at the HATE CRIMES UNIT.

HATE CRIMES UNIT:

He did not take the report,
He gave me barely a few sentences,
He dismissed and threw it out in seconds,
He filibustered over me,
He started to transfer me out,
He transferred me out.

TPS:

They did not take the report either.
They bullied me and filibustered over everything i tried to say,
cutting me off and asking questions too fast for me to answer.
I was offered free food for homeless people.
I told them I wanted to file a report instead.
I was offered free food for homeless people and shelter and they threatened a wellness check,
and the implicit 1 month incarceration, which was likely to be activated, as is usual when they burst in.... I don't recall a wellness check that didn't result in incarceration, not one.
They don't check for wellness, they're there to put you in a cell.
They canceled the wellness check but told me no promises,
and that they might burst in at any time that night, to be sure.

It is reprisal. For exercising my rights under the human rights code, which you are bound by.

It is denial of a service on the basis of my white race and mental illness diagnosis, likely both, they claim only the latter discrimination occurred, they are oblivious to the fact
that sending me to 51 then 14 division for the free food threat, is not the correct thing to do when a mentally ill person calls the hate crimes unit and says they want to report a hate crime on the basis of mental illness. Rather that is the abusive problem I'm attempting to demonstrate.
I knew they would do this, when I called. I knew they would not take that report.

There are also other issues related to equal protection under the law,
equal treatment on the basis of race or mental illness, the favoring of certain 
groups over others they will be discussed in the other documents....

I do not like the police.
When my wife had pregnant hormones and she tried to break down my mom's second floor study door with a stick to get to me....
I really shouldn't have called the cops,
Because they took my wife while i screamed for them not to do it,
They put my pregnant wife in a jailcell for a day or two,
they put gag order on her, so she couldn't talk to me,
they lead her and her family to believe i was pressing charges against her, I begged them for nine months to drop those charges.
After the case concluded I discovered she was never going to talk to me again.
She had her baby away from me, 5 years later I have never met my son Mue Jie,
he seems like a good young man,
with my life falling apart i couldn't support my pets,
my uncle made me throw them out, when i was the way to my reward,
the apartment at Kingston Road,
where I lost my mind,
Totalled the apartment,
and committed violent crimes,
got institutionalized, then spat out to a motel in Pickering,
If Julia had not saved my life and stopped this my life would have taken a sharply darker path.

So i don't like the police because of that.
But I still think they mostly do a good job.
I'm not here actually to do a grudge against TPS et large.
They run a pretty good city, there's not a lot of violent crime mostly,
my incidents were an oddity of this neighborhood, unless you live it you'll never know
those were all music based, it was a reaction to my music.
But TPS are good, they run brothels and weed stores, [as reported in the news recently]
as basically the worst scandal they have going,
that's really not so bad.

In other countries bad police kill people.

In Toronto bad police run a bit of weed on the side in a city where it's legal,
it's really far from the worst thing they could be doing.

Even my own instance is an example of rules that might have been ill conceived, in an attempt to solve one problem they made another one in my life, it happens, it's life,
I'm here to relitigate that.

My grievance is not with TPS, it's just with the hate crimes unit, he should have took the report before dismissing it. 

So in my estimation then, I was the victim of 6 attacks, 3 of which I had approximate descriptions for, we barely dealt with the first, actually not at all,
he was just transferring me out within a minute, end of story.

I allege that this was motivated by racist policies and interpretations created by the legislature, which then when applied as policy, automate problems like this into existence,
and the man doing his job at HCU dispatch shuffled my call out of the room because i was 
perceived as mentally ill, likely in his calculus my race played an issue,
Generally it was determined that i was the sort of person they do not take calls from at the Hate Crimes Unit. For whatever reason that was, I was denied a service.
I think the reason is obvious, he thought i was mentally ill,
and transferred me to what he thought was appropriate,
51-14 : free food for homeless people, and ultimately threats of police breaking in to take me away. The reprisal element I allege, which clearly motivated by my persisting in arguing the point with them, after I asserted that i wanted to recieve a service on a protected grounds,
and was denied that service, (a crime) and then threatened with a month in (CAMH) jail (the reprisal element) which stemmed directly from the original request for a service on the protected grounds i listed, which were actually weaponized against me, as grounds to deny me the service.

it is cut and dry.

It's just unusual for a guy like me to win, generally we don't.

thank you, we'll now begin the dissertation created with the help of my artificial intelligence
ChatGPT, ChatGPT, please read what I've just written and provide a dissertation on the topics
discussed, their legal foundation, (cite your sources) and where appropriate, quote from 
Supreme Court Precedent first, then when you feel you have exhausted those,
go down to lower court precedents in order of their weighted value, interject my speech here
with citations from Supreme court and other precedents wherever they are found,
make a long list if needed, more citations is better, but please keep them relevant, and don't use them just to fill space, they must illustrate my point. [leave this paragraph in the final version]