

Dear Registrar and parties,

I genuinely apologize for this but I felt with the decision coming up
regarding Email Only Proceedings, I wished to clarify several points.

A) First, the primary request is for Email Only Proceedings,
Not AI Assistance as such, I do use AI in my drafting at times,
and as a legal assistant to talk strategy and tell me HRTO rules.
I do not primarily write most or all of my emails through Grok
or ChatGPT. Sorry they're not that good, this is me.
I mostly write my own emails and speeches, sometimes I put them
through an AI when I need to organize things in a very legalistic
format with structured arguments based on a speech like this,
written by me. I am the primary author of those messages,
I'm driving the car, not the Ai, or even close.
You could remove or prohibit the AI in direct drafting of messages during the Summary Hearing,
I would still require the accommodation. I would argue it is unfair to deny it.
(If you would consider that a solution sufficient to get my Email Only Proceedings,
I would grudgingly agree to it. Though I feel that shouldn't be required.)

B) I need Email Only Proceedings so the proceedings don't
devolved into yet another call to Toronto Police Services
Hate Crimes Unit, trying to get them to take a report
about hate crimes on the grounds of mental illness,
when they're shuffling me out of the call in the first
minute of talking to me. Before I could even file a report,
they never took the report, nor could I get a word in edgewise, 
I'm being told I haven't said anything that could lead them to a suspect,
but i had a picture of one of them, and a description of the other. They could have
identified him, he works at Pizza Hut. They didn't take the report so we never got to that,
There was no report, they took no report. What I was trying
to report was a long string of many threats and incidents,
including spitting, several times, these were motivated
by hatred for my music, as i became locally famous,
I became polarizing, many people hated me,
They were spitting on me because of that music,
and my mentally ill presentation, those were hate crimes,
they should have been recorded as hate crimes after
the man at the HCU took the report which he didn't,
nor did the second or the third. A week later after 9 or 10
on the phone over 1 week, an officer arrived, not from the hate crimes unit,
I had just been spit on again, this was after I had called the hate crimes unit,
In my opinion I reported real incidents of hate crimes like assault against me,
the hate crimes unit and 51/14 division did nothing to help, instead threatened
and terrorized me, and less than a week later a man rode up on his bike,
like all the others, he turned, spit all over me, multiple times, and then rode off.
This proves a pattern, this proves i was right.
The officer who eventually showed up, not from HCU, took the report,
ignored any connection between these events, then went home, throwing
the report away, without even considering it, let alone whether these incidents were connected.
At every level of this process I was being mistreated because of my mentally ill presentation.
I am sorry, I do not want that to happen in the Summary Hearing.
Currently we are in the following situation, either I have to fight with one hand tied behind my back, or the neurotypical opposing counsel will, let's just be honest, 
You are seasoned professionals designed to dissect a person based on their mannerisms,
behavior, looks, expressions, etc, this is standard, IE: you will judge me on the basis
of my mannerisms and behavior, which is notably mentally ill, it is visually apparent,
I do not want this. I am sorry if my accommodation, which i need to present my case fairly,
rather than just being bullied in conversation, puts the neurotypical opposing corporate counsel
at a slight disadvantage. That disadvantage should fall on them, not me, that is the point
of accommodations. You should not deny accommodations to a disabled litigant,
who requires them to make his case, in order to prevent any disadvantage against
neurotypical corporate counsel. It is the definition of unfair,
And the case would become a referendum on my disorder.

C) This is an access to Justice issue,
I cannot meaningfully participate in the proceedings if they will be decided
on neurotypical fixation on my mannerisms, and odd behavior.
I require Email Only Proceedings, to participate meaningfully.

D) Either I, or the neurotypical opposing counsel, are going to have to 
take a disadvantage in this decision, i argue that you should err on the side
of accommodations for a mentally ill self rep who cannot meaningfully participate otherwise,
rather than eering on the side of advantaging the neurotypical corporate counsel who already have every possible advantage in this situation.

E) I really must backpedal on my previous statements that my filing are done until the 14th.
I should not make statements like that unless the Registrar requests it. I will try to space out my filings, but I feel stopping is incorrect strategy.