I think the Soundcloud case is very strong, but the case has been frozen for now, and Jurisdiction remains an issue. In WRITTEN SUBMISSIONS OF THE APPLICANT, I went over my response to Jurisdiction, I think I made my case well, but their final decision could go either way, if they grant Jurisdiction, then I think i have a case.

In the other 2, (3 really) Shoppers, TPS, and the inclusion of CAMH, Jurisdiction is just implicit, but they're harder cases to win. When I'm up against real lawyers from big institutions like this, I might just get run over like that guy at Tiananmen Square. Probably I would, though mediation is viable, and even a loss if I get past/skip mediation, while it's unlikely i can WIN against big institutions like that, or even get to a hearing (likely not), it still puts my name and my case in the press, I get more high profile, and I'm global or national news, probably not a huge story, but I'd be reported. If I did get to a hearing in any of these somehow, I expect a win actually is achievable, it's harder to get to the hearing than to win it once you get there.... because the judge decides on law, but the leadup to the hearing is decided on, 1-2 years of nonsense, pest filings from the opposition, trying to get the case dropped. If I screw up at all it'd be toast.

TPS, I still feel this is a strong case. I have what I feel is a hate crime, and then immediately, maybe because i'm white, maybe because I mentioned mental illness (either way), they routed me over to 51 division (the wrong division), either because of race or disability, either way they didn't take the call, didn't even listen to more than 20 seconds of the report. All on the basis of those protected characteristics. It's unusual for someone's white race to be brought up in this context, or disability status to be brought up in this context, but i really do feel my race and/or disability is why they denied me that service. (denial of service on the grounds of protected characteristics is actionable under HRTO). It seems like a weak case on it's face, I haven't updated it (other than generally with the others) in a long time, but the inciting incident, I feel is in my favor.

Shoppers, this just keeps getting worse and worse, what was once a weak case is to my extreme annoyance getting stronger, my accusation that they're working in collusion with Martin is just OBVIOUS now. This garbage where I'm coming to them with real legitimate safety concerns, asking for fewer visits or medicine delivery, and they just refer me to Martin, a meeting 3 weeks away in the future, just, dumping on my safety concerns, so they can achieve a private off the record meeting with Martin on the topic (Which I'm not even allowed to engage in). CAMH and Martin utterly ignoring (almost certainly) my email yesterday asking them to approve the medicine delivery via email, their total refusal to engage with the tribunal in any way (They still think this is Brendan and his silly HTRO nonsense - No conception that this is a real Government Tribunal), and then, to add injury to insult, that guy coughing on or near my water bottle, then refusing to clean it out or replace the water. Literally coughing on or near it, and my medicine is held hostage, I have to keep going back everyday even though I don't want to. All in the name of or in collusion with CAMH and Martin. Yeah, this case in unfortunately getting stronger, where i once thought it was the weakest, now I think, one of the stronger cases, or rather, they're all strong now.

And then CAMH as a respondant, if they approve that I'm just requesting permission to file a new separate form 1 against them to collate my grievances, and I think they've done plenty in the last year I can sink my teeth into. Like Martin gently implying that a Form 1 at HRTO is inadvisable, and may result in a Form 1 medical, which he assures me i suggested once..... Yeah, after the very first of the 5 cases, where i was off my meds and nuts when I filed it, I told him something like "If I ever apply for another HRTO case, just box me man!" Which he took way too literally. It was never a literal statement, it was a joke, but he took it to heart. And then that debacle where within the first few days of filing against Soundcloud, the Martin hostage standoff, where I wanted my meds at the bridging clinic (to avoid him fucking up a big expensive case) then him (through shoppers drug mart) getting word I was trying to get my meds at the bridging clinic after refusing our meetings (which I'm allowed to do, I have capacity) and the 1 week standoff, where I went without my meds all week, while he extorted those meetings using the threat of me going mad, as his weapon to get me back in the meetings and override my decision made with capacity, just this is bad enough, I can work with just that..... If they let me relitigate everything (they won't) I wish they would, because they have put me through more hell than i can possibly count, it has to be at least 12 - 1 month imprisonments, there have been so many I've lost count but if had to guess, in my 40 years, probably a full year of that has been spent in their jailcells, maybe more, maybe less, but it's something like that..... something close to that..... so a case against CAMH is an early birthday present to me, if he approves that, (he should) yeah I would have a field day with that, there are so many human rights abuses in that system it's like they fly into sky above them and can't even see them from orbit they're so high on their own farts, I want to litigate the prison cells, they call hospitals.