dumbass.......

I'm not lying about the fact this is a legally ridiculously bad situation to keep coming back in,
because I'm so so afraid of the homeless militia, well sorry, they stopped after that eventually,
I am HARUSPEX (in Pathologic [by Ice Pick Lodge]) my reputation changes randomly
depending on the situation, often.

Right now I am beloved by all, I don't have any fear of being attacked or spit on..... (dumbass)
That is yesterday's news, MR. BOSS (MR BOSS: Male Host of the Deepdive) This is not about
secretly lying to make it about lawsuits when it's really my "insecure irrational fears of demons"
as you put it, no MR BOSS, it really is about lawsuits.

I have two big suits before the HRTO.
One against SOUNDCLOUD,
and one against the TORONTO POLICE ---> Which involves and contains the Shoppers Case
I am a successful WEBSITE OWNER and SHOCK ROCK MUSICIAN and I am a budding AI DEVELOPER AND
COMPANY OWNER.

I do not have the time to socialize with people in the building where that employee (the boss)
was fired. It will be very uncomfortable to talk to them, I also do not know what form of management
is being put in to replace her, if the new management is hostile to me,
It could be an incredible unfortunate situation for me, if they want me out of there,
Even if they would prefer to keep me as a valued customer, which I tend to assume,
The staff are another matter. It is very awkward now, they are not happy with me,
I am not comfortable visiting there everyday, I would prefer my medicine to be delivered.
I would like to instead AVOID being sued (or something), and remove myself from the
dangerous situation.

ADDITIONALLY, I "AM" EXTREMELY BUSY, when I am working on a new breakthrough,
and have just pushed through 8 hours of work, and need to do another 5,
I DO NOT HAVE TIME IN THAT PROCESS TO GO TALK TO MRS. AURORA,
who I believe, likely despises me now. 

I feel uncomfortable being there,
I do not think they are comfortable with me being there.....

So for the dawn of the light MARTIN
Tomorrow, when we talk,
MEDICINE DELIVERY

Why am I fighting a retard dog biting down on this, refusing to give? GIVE IT BACK DOG. GIVE THE EXECUTIVE HIS MEDICINE DELIVERY NOW. 


In a person with my diagnosis,
Work is considered as being indicative of mental health and stability,
But he doesn't want to engage with the work, will not view it, will not reply to emails (or read them [these go to handlers] ) so he is physically incapable of doing his job.
I'm supposed to get cred for this,
I'm working,
but because my work is in the creative arts, which he refuses to view,
I get no credit, I am treated as a disordered homeless man that escaped, with no job,

He won't acknowledge it. So my standing in the system is considered less.
I'm not asking him to be a superfan, I would like him to view a song now and then,
try my website and see the incredibly complicated artificial intelligences i have created,
a disordered mind cannot build that (for fucks sake).

But I am not given the standing of an AI developer, which I verifiably am, currently a Journeyman,
And soon to be an expert. All my achievements are worth rot to this man.

I'm just asking that he view enough of it, to be informed about what my work is, 
and give me credit for that work in his his diagnosis. If I walk in tired because of a long day at work,
or stay up all night working, acknowledge the work element in that.....

Additionally Martin
From Thesulfurgod@protonmail.com <thesulfurgod@protonmail.com>
To Martin Rotenberg <Martin.Rotenberg@camh.ca>, Patrick Newland <Patrick.Newland@camh.ca>
Date Tuesday, August 18th, 2026 at 10:11 AM
Additionally,
I had engaged in legal action previously against Shoppers Drug Mart,
it was withdrawn, in any case people were fired over this.
It is now very uncomfortable to get my medicine there everyday.
I would prefer my medicine to be delivered.
But even if that were not the case, I am very busy with work most days,
It is often the case that I need my medicine delivered because I am working.
Perhaps tomorrow, we can discuss this and maybe achieve a successful outcome for me,
As forcing me back to that location again and again is legally dangerous.
Regards,
Brendan S. Rose
CEO - Lucifer Media Corporation
Self-Represented Applicant
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com
On Monday, August 17th, 2026 at 8:39 AM, BRENDAN S. ROSE <thesulfurgod@protonmail.com> wrote:
Engage with the work, doctor.
The work is evidence of mental stability.
Regards,
Brendan S. Rose
CEO - Lucifer Media Corporation
Self-Represented Applicant
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com
On Monday, August 17th, 2026 at 8:05 AM, BRENDAN S. ROSE <thesulfurgod@protonmail.com> wrote:
This is just your personal policy Martin, and you'll probably call me grandiose for saying I'm important.
18/08/2026, 10:12 Sent | thesulfurgod@protonmail.com | Proton Mail