Respect
From
Stored with zero-access encryption
Thesulfurgod@protonmail.com<thesulfurgod@protonmail.com>
Star message
ROSE v. SAM SUTTLE
Has 1 attachment (4.75 MB)
6:14 PM Thursday, May 28th, 2026 at 6:14 PM
To
Christine Rose<tcrose@sympatico.ca>
Sam Suttle<suttle.sam@gmail.com>
Martin Rotenberg<Martin.Rotenberg@camh.ca>
Patrick Newland<Patrick.Newland@camh.ca>
Taco0320@yahoo.com.tw
charleneyu320@gmail.com
Hide details
Thursday, May 28th, 2026 at 6:14 PM

Christine,

In answer to the first sentence of your question, yes I wanted to talk about respect.
What was just described to you is a harrowing situation recounting being dragged through
Hell, barely surviving, and somehow emerging alive on the other side.

In response to your unbelievably insulting attitude, preaching, angry superiority, put downs, gaslighting, telling me you know better than me that the budget needs more money, and denying my begging requests that we repair the budget by putting more money into it, as well as wagging your finger at me, lecturing me, and insults, to justify and elevate your greed and lack of generosity. This is what I have come to expect from you, and I go to great lengths to be respectful to you while you abuse me continually in the above listed manner. If I try to get a word in edgewise which is not in total deference to you, and agreeing with everything you say, even when you are wrong (which can happen, Maam) you become enraged hostile aggressive and threatening, and demand that if i do not stop "being insulting" you will deny me the money I need to survive, and likely cause another unbelievably dangerous situation that could get me hurt or killed, or locked in an asylum for the rest of my life. You forever hold this over my head so you can demand the right to abuse me verbally in this manner, as the alternative could be fatal or seriously injurious to me.

I have not read your response to my message in text.
It started with the sentence "you want to talk about respect?!"
No way I'm reading that garbage.

Yes maam, I have been through Hell, I described a harrowing situation to you,
a human responds with sympathy. Martin responded with sympathy, he was
shocked when he learned the depths of how bad it was. Sam is the man who caused it,
you don't care. Martin could see there was a problem here, Martin at least seemed to care..

You should be respectful to someone who has been through that.
If you are talking to a war hero, you should not verbally abuse and castigate him.
It's classless.

I'm not taking this anymore, So I have blocked you.

I beg you not to take away the 600 dollars I need so much.
I will switch to Hellofresh instead, or a similar service,
rather that absorb one more second of this psychological abuse.

You are not my family,
Neither is Sam.

Julia is my mother,
My brothers are Oleg and Oleksiy.

Real family isn't earned by birth and blood,
Love is demonstrated, not inherited.

That is the last thing I will ever send to you.

I am putting you on the blocklist here as well.

My request is that you do not use the nuclear option,
in response to an angry reply to your disrespect again,
which i am not taking anymore.

Please send 150 on Fridays,
Do not communicate with me anymore.

I am blocking you from emails as well,
You will never disrespect this war hero like that again.

Regards,
Brendan Rose
[Entertainer / App Developer / Company Owner / Political Activist / Aspiring Politician]
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com

Sent with Proton Mail secure email.


4.74 MB
1 file attached
Download all attachments


Art Therapy For Latent Criminals (20).mp3
4.74 MB