hello Charlene,
You raised an interesting question, whether allowing Grok to edit my first paragraph with two layers of nerf
so it wouldn't hit so hard, but he did a number of things that were important, first yes, he did that,
Criticize me for it if you want, but I feel you don't have to hit someone as hard as you can right away,
you can offer them an olive branch without compromising sincerity, like here it is......
I'm telling you the devil is real, Lucifer is real, he lives in Hell, a real place somewhere in this universe,
at the center of it is Lucifer, he's real, he exists. I am Lucifer's representative on Earth. This is the official
religion of Lucifer, it is a religion worthy of Lucifer. (I think those were almost my exact words)
We didn't touch any of it, we put a few layers of nerf tying it to Amselem, some spice so the Judges
could actually enjoy their meal, the whole meal is there, unchanged, it just softens the blow,
which would otherwise have maybe been bad enough to get my case kicked out that same day.
(one day later they have not dismissed or censured me). But he did a lot of other things too.

Number one on the list, he made me shave down that list of songs from 8 to 5,
which tightened the package, made it more concise, easier to digest,
easier to understand, not requiring an hour listening to it, you can get through
most of it in 25 minutes. I think it was a GOOD cross section of materials
that

oh hey, you said, hey! you weren't totally sincere about your beliefs you blunted them,
and then did a Machiavellian maneuver, that proves you're not sincere. haha wrong.
I'm all about the Machiavellian maneuvers, my followers, should they ever come, are the same.
We are not monks singing ave maria to get pets, to demonstrate our faith, i don't even like the word faith.
We are completely different, lies deception manipulation backstabbing, these are characteristic
of our religion-----

a good cross section of materials that allows them to engage with the philosophy,
in a controlled manner, without having to grant an adjournment of 16 months to review my full archives,
but it MENTIONED the full archives, 9000 non-ai songs (guess), 9000 ai songs,
And it introduced songs from my copyrighted non-ai song archives,
So that does a few things, it might ultimately down the road grant it protection,
and therefore protection for ALL my non-ai copyright stolen songs, as infernal hymns.
It also creates a clear paper trail that these songs have been admitted into evidence in a legal setting,
so in the unfortunate scenario where somehow one of my guys shared the link to the archives so
much a COPYRIGHT HOLDER flagged it with a DMCA, I can now under Swiss law claim,
These archives are being used in a legal setting, in government hearings,
Where I will then link them to the submission (apologize and clean up my link access)
and they will back off on copyright because these songs are potentially and already have been
submitted in government hearings, they are now evidence in court of law, they are protected
from random DMCA's under Swiss law, which Protonmail runs by. so unless someone in my
close inner circle shared the link WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY too much, to the point a copyright holder
DMCA'd a protonmail drive, (highly unlikely, they usually don't even flag youtube videos that take
copyright verbatim) Yeah, we're looking good right now on the Machiavellian maneuvers,
and if you're noticing immediately that we don't resemble monks singing ave maria,
That's because we're not, we're different, we're cyber cultists, like the Church of the New Epoch.
Rogue engineers and hackers, pissed off gamers who were promised the world and delivered
a slum, sad red pill guys too. That's not WHY I did it by the way, I did it because I genuinely
believed in what I was saying. I felt it needed to be said and I was going to say it,
even if it got my case dropped or worse. Well now they're dealing with the real me,
what i actually believe, the official religion of Lucifer, that is what i want to be.
But it does have these benefits, and I'm not blind to that. Hopefully that's
not something others would consider unethical, I don't think it is,
I think it's just playing my legal cards in the strongest way available to me.

Anyway back to the strategy, grok didn't just shave down the number of songs,
in the process removing Max Azarella Headroom, a song that, while it beautifully
summed up my religious views in a single song, and you're almost flying blind without it,
no almost, you are..... I have to admit it has some really perverted aspects,
it used a clip from Angel, the Smile Time Episode, which is just so disturbing,
especially with video removed to strip it of context, that would have been enough
for the judges to just say "Get him out of here now, we'll deal with it later....."
There was no need to launch that provocation, endless provocation is not
evidence of sincerity, it's evidence of an unwillingness to compromise,
provocation is not a virtue in itself.

So the main thing Grok did, which was really helpful, was I was just
giving fire and fury on this one song, and the whole fire and fury was
included Charlene, unedited, and raw, with just a little disclaimer,
and i was planning to leave the other songs (7 of them) with no explanation
just open to interpretation is what i said.

Grok took that lazy decision to give up halfway through and just
post early with a disclaimer to find your own interpretation,
and he made me sit down and write a breakdown for every one of the
song's i included, you heard them there. I wish i remembered to
point out the resonance with the moon in Pretty Lights (slim),
I wasn't crafting a moon religion then, but somehow it resonates
perfectly, because the chosen symbol is common, i have likely
been referencing it for my entire life. Now it has meaning.

Now it's part of our canon.

You enjoyed those breakdowns of the songs,
You were happy with them, so I think overall while maybe
dampening the pure unadulterated hammer of the first reading,
I am convinced that version was B tier, and this A++ tier,
a strong legal weapon, and a true religious document,
this will give them something that will really challenge
them in their ruling, they will have to tread carefully
and deliver a very thoughtful, well thought out response
that may include official Canadian government recognition
of the religion of Luciferianism as run by me,
the official representative of Lucifer,
the official religion of Lucifer,
Truly a religion worthy of Lucifer.

To me that's a win, I think I made no mistakes there,
I think that was a strong move, I was wise to make,
and now i should let them deliberate in silence.