Hello Amy,

So I'll be filing my FORM 1 tonight, assuming this gets
past the confirmation letter, and through service,
You will be informed by the Registrar when you are summoned
if he approves my application[FORM 1].

The charges I allege are essentially this:

A) You denied me a service (ODSP) on the basis of
my associations with a person identified by a code
protected grounds, my Uncle Sam. POA for my mother Aine,
who is in a home for dementia care, after we had to
sell the house, and my marriage fell apart, because
of the homeless level poverty imposed by you and managed
to make sure it is maintained and nobody on ODSP ever rises
out of poverty.

B) You denied me a service based on Family Status,
the connection to my mother, who financially supports
me despite having dementia, in order to overcome
the imposed poverty created by ODSP's requirement
to "Get on the street", and the secondary requirement
to "Get on the street if anyone helps you".

C) You denied me a service based on Receipt of Public Assistance,
as this was obviously a factor in your decision to cut it off.
And the vulnerability created by this poverty is likely
the intended result designed for your "victims".
However I will not argue intent, merely actions taken,
for now. I argue your actions result in people being
trapped in a cycle of homelessness, poverty, suffering,
loneliness, and incarceration in the CAMH Prison-like system, 
which you enforce, with rules designed to continually impose it,
and make it last forever. Eventually resulting in their death,
(due to suicide in large numbers, or death from health complications due to living on the street. You then plaster posters saying "NOT SUICIDE. NOT TODAY." When you are imposing that suicide, creating it, and enforcing it's continuation on an industrial scale. Resulting in agonizing deaths for thousands.)

D) You discriminated against me on the basis of disability,
by imposing rules designed to impoverish me, to maintain
that impoverishment, to "keep me on the street",
You impose brutal starvation, homelessness and potentially
death on me for that reason. And additionally you may
also cut off my drug benefits, which could result in my death,
or institutionalization in a ward, your favorite weapon.

E) You discriminated against me on the basis of MARITAL STATUS,
imposing poverty that destroyed my marriage, and chased my
wife away, due to restrictions like the one that subtracts
my wife's income directly out of my ODSP, making me a leech
on my wife, who then, left. And will never return until this poverty ceases, or in other words I will never meet my own child, even once, because of you. Or ever find anyone else. Leading to the next point.

F) You discriminated against me on the basis of SEX, INCLUDING PREGNANCY, by imposing measures guaranteed to result in the destruction of relationships, marriages, father-son relationships,
etc, specifically targeted to make men unappealing. This results
in the breakdown of relationships, as it did mine, this has
resulted in the permanent separation of me from my child,
which i have been informed will end when I am no longer earning a hobo's wage.

G) You discriminated against me on the basis of Sexual Orientation, as Straight men are disproportionately affected by your imposed and mandatory hobo's wage, and additional measure designed to ruin marriages and relationships. No accounting was made for the fact that women have different requirements to succeed, and being forced
to rely on your partner alone, for a woman, is easy,
for man, it results in the destruction of his relationship,
Therefore unequal treatment on the basis of SEX, Sexual Orientation, Gender identity (straight white male)

H) You cutoff my ODSP in reprisal for the other HRTO SUITS,
A_HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I (Soundcloud) and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I (TPS Hate Crimes Unit), which i mentioned to you this morning, specifically this was IMMEDIATELY AFTER the motion filed to add THE BRIDGING CLINIC AS A RESPONDANT. The reaction was immediate, and offered no negotiation or warning of any kind. Your suggestion was, essentially "Leave your home and go on the street, refuse all money from your family, and we might consider restoring it." [PARAPHRASE]

I) This may likely have also had something to do with my
letter informing you i had incorporated,
So it's a denial of service, as reprisal against ground listed as: Housing/Accommodation, Goods, services and facilities, Contracts Membership in a trade union, trade or occupational association or self-governing profession. The Grounds of Discrimination under Section 4.

Good Day,
Brendan S. Rose
CEO - Lucifer Media Corporation
Self-Represented Applicant
HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com