Hello Martin,

I have a favor to ask you.
Amy at ODSP has cutoff my service, both ODSP and my life saving abilify. I remember when she tried this before, you talked to her,
and convinced her to change her mind. I request that you do it again.

[Registrar, please add this submission to both cases HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I (Soundcloud) and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I (Toronto Police Services Hate Crimes Unit) in advance of the September 14th Deadline] Stephen you have been included due to the nexus to CAMH in your case, TPS Hate Crimes Unit, you have been included due to the nexus to CAMH, Michele you are an involved party, so I'm forwarding this to you too.

	A) Martin, you're very familiar with my case file,
	   Along with the Horror at Kingston Road. Where
	   a combination of protracted near total starvation
	   and deprivation of my direly needed medication
	   over three months resulted in a violent standoff
	   with police, who had to cut open my door,
	   after I attempted to murder someone, with a glass bottle 
	   of giant baileys from a 2nd floor balcony,
           which was logged as a mental health incident,
           I was given my medicine, monitored for a month
           as i recovered and released, with a warning that
           if this ever happens again (it was not my fault)
	   I may be permanently committed.
	   Amy is playing dice with my life, arguably the lives of 	   others. This is not a threat, catastrophic breakdown
	   has resulted in all cases where i went off my medication
	   for longer than three months. This is mandated mental 	   breakdown. And mandated homelessness.

I would argue she has done this in reprisal for the legal action I have launched against her employer and yours, the CAMH system. The pretext given was flimsy to say the least, she claimed i went over the gift limit, this is a lie, I only received 7200 in gifts.
The gift limit is $10,000 7200 is well below it.

What she's referring to is this.
She has ordered me to live on the street,
[issued an ODSP wage which is homeless level money, I would have to leave my home and go on the street.]
As my uncle did not want me to die as a result of Amy's company's policies, he paid rent direct to the landlord.
This was an emergency measure, paying rent directly to the landlord,
in order to prevent death by exposure and protracted death over months or years on the street, a torturous slow death on the street, a humiliating death. Where Amy thinks I belong, and retaliated against my uncle for trying to save me from this abusive mistreatment. So that not "gifts" that was "preventing death due to ODSP Parkdale policies."

The amount of gifts was, only 7200, she also bought me a face shaver set, among other small items.

Please ask Amy to restore the denied services.
I will not accept another similar substituted service of lower quality. She is potentially creating a very dangerous
situation, for me and others. This is an emergency, Martin.

Make sure to tell her right away....