Hey Deepdive,
I noticed your lyrics sheet for Pretty Lights was wanting, big time,
So I thought I'd provide you with the correct lyrics, so you can see what the song is actually about,
Well, you might be able to guess what it's about, but I doubt it, and I doubt you'd be able to articulate it if you did,
and I'm not going to tell you directly. She fly away, she fly out the window screaming, all I'm gonna say......

It doesn't matter, I decided to make this into a series of disco tracks,
As I really love disco, and I make everything into disco, I'm just a disco artist,
people make fun of that, but i don't really care, I like disco.

Doesn't really suit the tone of the song, but it's hard to pin down the exact
prompt to make it perfectly match Marvin Divine - Pretty Lights - the song I sung over
in the original,
so anyway, enjoy.....

I really wish I could kill myself but there's nothing but the most painful and horrible
methods available to me, I'm diabetic, so I guess I'll just drink until i die........
They almost legalized MAID services for mentally ill people, but due to their fuckin "compassion"
they force me to endure this life, but they're not compassionate enough to give me a real life,
they give me well below the deep poverty line in ODSP, guaranteeing no woman would ever want me,
the rules saying your spouses income gets subtracted from your ODSP was enough to at least partially
scare off my wife, which I think is the purpose of the law, to scare off potential partners and wives....

Fine if you're a girl, no one cares if a girl is a leech.....

Anyway, yeah she was gone a few months after I wrote this song, I really have no business
talking about this........

[intro, no music]

Newspeak Q. 

Yeah, you are that fool. You win the fuckin' election, man. 

[music starts]

We'd all rather die than live a day too soon. 

We'd rather die than live a day too soon. 

We'd all stand up and die than live a day too fuckin' soon. 

We'd rather die than live a day than live a day too soon. 

So, we're flying up to the moon. 

We're flying now to the moon. 

We're all flying to the moon together on a unicorn called N C R. 

We're all flying together forever on a unicorn called NCR. 

Cuz we'd rather live a day too soon. No. No. We'd rather die. 

We'd all rather die than live a day too soon. 

We'd all would rather die than live a day too soon. 

We'd all rather die than live a day too soon. 

We'd all rather die than, live a day too soon. 

We rather die than live a day tomorrow. 

We all rather die than live a day tomorrow. 

We'd all rather die than a day, tomorrow, in this filth this spit this waste [spits] THIS SHIT!!! We rather die than live in it!!!! 

We'd all rather die than live a day more in it. 

We all rather die than live one day more in this SHIT!!!! 

We all rather die than live a day in it. 

We all rather die than live one more day in a SHIT!!! 

Then live a day. 

We'd all rather die than live a day. 

We'd all rather die than live a day too soon. 

We'd all rather die than live a day too soon. 

We'd all die. And all of us in 777 Tengoku.

We'd all rather die than live a day too soon. 

And when we die that day in 777 we shall dwell. 

We all rather die than live a day. Too soon. 

We all rather die than live a day. 

We'd all rather die than live a day. 

We're foolish like that. 

We all were foolish anyway. 

We'd all rather die thank live a day too soon. 

We'd all rather die than live a day too soon.

And 777 Tengoku lives forever in the sky. 

And 777 Tengoku lives forever in the sky. 

Hey, you don't want to be this bad. You could be over here. 

You don't want to be this bad. You could be over here. 

You don't want to be this bad. You could be over here. 

We'd all rather die than live a day. No longer. 

No. We'd rather not die. We'll live a day instead. 

[music fades out]

777 Goku perfect heaven is where I dwell forever. 

It dwelleth eternal. 

It liveth forever. 

777 Goku heaven never dies. 

Microwave on whole house. fuck you. Continue. 777.
