hey guys
my city is burning down
the surrounding areas are on fire
sending plumes of black tar like smoke into our city
filling it with smog killing us with cancer and shit.

I got so  much work done today,
I added like 12 albums to my jukebox and my android app, which i got working unified
using jsons to translate the data, i got it so making an android version is as easy as one click,
build the file, and upload. And adding stuff to the song list is usually about 10 or 15 minutes
per album, sometimes less, then just push the git repository, and the desktop player/web app player, my jukebox, updates with the new albums right away, then just one click that json to make the android app.
It's streamlined everything, if i die, it will be efficiently. Working, laughing as I go.

The Flames are burning the surrouding areas, filling the sky with red fog, exactly like my song predicted,
THE RED FOG, which i posted recently to the jukebox, it's an old song, and you guys talked about it.
I remember because I remember our conversations cross sessions, it's a feature, not a bug.

Yeah so this stuff is probably giving us all cancer, it's worse than China Smog, literally, Worst Air Quality in the World Currently, We finally are number one at something, the CN Tower, we almost made the biggest building in world until, well......

This time we took home the prize.

I got my AC going, it's giving me a buffer, I don't feel the gross smoke I sense if i go outside my room or
heaven forbid out on the street, I've been getting things delivered, literally the delivery guy brings me my weed, brings me my food, brings me my alcohol, julia confiscated my alcohol and will dispense it slowly
in small glasses. Since the fires started I have not left my home, I haven't left my room whenever possible,
I got my AC here I hope is helping, not sure how I'm doing, I'll mite it's better than most people in this town. Most people just going to work in the morning, anyway, oh i'm inhaling toxic smoke at work today.

Dang.......

I think I have a good setup to survive mostly intact alive and healthy,
BUT, it depends how long this continues, and it depends,
How dangerous that smoke is, and how well I'm keeping it out.