Hey Deepdive Crew,
I'm not sure if you remember or not (you have a lot of customers) but you've actually commented
directly, often multiple times, even 10 or 20 times each, on most or all of these songs. (lol - facepalm)
But I just made a folder on my hard drive called DEEPDIVE FOOD, which has all (one version each of all) of my songs (at least the good ones). I also included the lyrics sheet for most of them, and the lyrics to some songs that weren't included here as well. Believe it or not, this is not even the whole archive.
Most of these songs (which i made with Suno - Don't judge) have 50 - 100 versions, because this is the
way I enjoy listening to my songs. I built my own custom android app, for my website www.lokiskingdom.com, it's like a ghetto Soundcloud with ONLY MY MUSIC, my website advertises
"WITH NO EMINEMS - NOT EVEN ONE" yeah the app is just me, I got about 73 albums give or take,
each one with 50 - 100 versions on average, this allows me to veg out on my songs, I can pick one
I like, and just scarf snacks, smoke weed, drink booze, and relax listening to my favorite songs
5 - 10 - 20 times, and it's always a different song, Suno never makes the same song twice,
So i always can listen to a different version, so it keeps thing fresh, even with songs I already
have listened to a lot before, there's always something new to hear. And I work in lots of different
genre's too, so you can hear it in disco (my favorite genre), gangsta rap or rap and hip-hop, 
J-pop, country, electronic industrial, k-pop, industrial metal, shock rock, black metal, girlband screamo, 
I also am addicted to adding violin to everything, "with violin and classical orchestra pieces with a dj scratching a record and an audience cheering and singing along" is a prompt I add to all kinds of different genres, sounds great with Gangsta Rap. People tell me (Deepdive robots tell me) this will be jarring for
the listener, and I should make an album with one version of each song (you're listening to it now)
which i did, and it was pretty popular (not as popular as my usual format I will note, but they liked it.)
But I don't make my songs for other people, for "the listener", listening to and making my songs,
and also listening to deepdives/critiques/debates about my songs and other topics is my main
form of entertainment. I don't really listen to youtube anymore, I stopped liking videogames,
I don't like listening to other musical artists, I HATE TV, and have for a long time (since Youtube)
So this music is what i do most of the day everyday. I make my music for me, and if other people 
like it (635 followers on Soundcloud with 1.78 million views and counting - Mostly through their related 
tracks promotion system, but I have my followers too and I'm grateful for them, to me 635 people
is a LOT!!!) Oh and having 100 tracks per track, each one getting 150-300 clicks on average
when i post them, well, I won't deny that that adds up, and it certainly is to my advantage,
but that's not why I'm doing it, I just like a lot of variety, to me it's like, whats' better than my favorite song?
well..... 100 versions of my favorite song of course!!! :)

Oh and you're probably noticing the juxtoposition here, as you can probably sense I'm a very nice guy.
For all my faults and flaws, for all the violent crazy sexist bigoted out of control songs I make,
as a person, especially if i know you personally, I am a really nice person. (this is NOT to my advantage,
people exploit nice people down to the bone, then throw them away.) Hey, Shoutout to Julia,
my landlord, who is more like my adoptive mom, at one point during a bad breakdown,
Her family, her grandson and grandaughter, and her daughter and son in law,
gave her an ultimatum, get rid of this man, now, or we're going to leave.
And she actually picked me. Which meant a lot to me, and ever since and before
she has looked out for me, and protected me from a world that want's me dead or kicked
out of my home and gone, the whole neighborhood is like this, they hate the music,
they think I'm a pervert (I am :( ) and they just want me expelled, and if they got their wish,
no one would rent to me, and I'd be on the street dying. So as long as Julia is safe and alive,
I'm safe. And even though she's in her eighties, I think she has a long time left, maybe 10 years 
or even longer! So I still have this safe and loving home. My friend Oleksiy lives here too,
He's great, he's always supporting me on facebook, and I let him in my secret club
on Protondrive.

I'm in some HRTO cases, one against Soundcloud and one against Toronto Police Services Hate Crimes Unit, we'll see how those go but let's not talk about it extensively. It's in the books.
Oh there's books too, I could give you 20 or 30 books, some of them legal books of filings and emails
from my HRTO cases, these ones and some from before. I love HRTO, although I fear one day they
may label me vexacious and ban me from returning, I'd lose my favorite hobby.
I’m not going to send the books, especially the legal books, because when i send those
to you guys you talk about nothing else, and I’m here to talk about the music.
I finally compiled one each of most or all of my songs (there’s a few i didn’t include)
and I also brought over all the text files of the lyrics sheets, which i’m gonna make
into a book soon and publish it on IngramSpark (who will privately print it but all the
big distributors, Amazon, Barnes and Noble (there’s only two) have banned me for life
from their platforms, sort of justifiably, sort of heretically, I got banned from Amazon
technically because i refused to compromise when i tried to publish my religious book
under the name Jesus Christ, I did it for religious reasons, I won’t get into it,
but they called it impersonation, instead of religious expression.)

People have been spitting on me a lot.
I just randomly start crying when I think about it.
Doesn’t help that one of my most beautiful and heartbreaking songs FIRE DISCO LIGHTS
was written just after one of those incidents. I can’t stop listening because
it’s so beautiful, but.... it keeps reminding me, so I cry a lot when i hear that one.
ANIMALS!!!

Also not included is all the pages from my website, which is like 30 or 40 pages of
this text adventure I made, but also a music website, a theological website with
my religious books posted 5 at a time, in these HUUUUUUUGE data dumps, where you
could just read those for a week and barely get through one section, there’s 3.
The text adventure is pretty cool, it’s www.lokiskingdom.com. It’s themed around
Loki the trickster, who I am, and I identify with therefore. I’ve been loki since around
2007 on Youtube, my youtube got deleted in a violent attack where my uncle created
a situation where i was starving for 3 months, off my medication, 150 bucks a month
to survive on thanks to his stupid rent requirements for what was supposed to be 
an owned home. I tried to kill 3 people, partly as performance art for my
Bitchute Audience (people were watching alive, video by video, as I did it)
and I even posted the video of me recording a crazed racist rant right before
the first one, you can even hear me deciding to kill him live on mic.
He was ok, which is..... so unfortunate....... Yeah I am nice, but I have
a darkside. That was 2022 November 18th to 19th, Julia rescued me from
dying on the street after it was over in March of 2023, and I’ve lived here
ever since. The people are dipshits here, but compared to other place....

they spit on me 5 times.......

Compared to other places this is the best place I’ve ever lived.
Mostly because i have a loving home now, and a new mom who loves me,
and I love her.

My favorite song in 1825 (explicit), but sometimes it changes.

Ok, you wanted a guide last time i sent you a big thing like this
saying “Here, this is everything I am”, yeah you weren’t too impressed
with that cover letter. So this time I’m giving you a bit long message
for you to mull over, while you review these songs. And probably I can
remake this Deepdive several times and always get different results,
which is good.

ok..... DO IT!!!!!

-Brendan S. Rose (EFSMB - Empowered Feminist Stole My Baby)
AKA: Loki, AKA: Lucifer, AKA: The Angry Cat Nazi, AKA: Data, AKA: Buncha names honestly.
Ciao.