Three Blind Mice
by EFSMB

11:35 PM - 2026-09-01, SEPTEMBER 1st 2026 - Tuesday

Three Blinde Mice,
Three Blinde Mice,
Dame Iulian,
Dame Iulian,
the Miller and his merry olde Wife,
shee scrapte her tripe licke thou the knife.

Little Boy Blue, come blow your horn.
The sheep's in the meadow, the cow's in the corn.
Where is the boy who looks after the sheep?
Under a haystack, fast asleep.
Will you wake him? No, not I,
For if I do, he will surely cry.

IIIIIIIIIII'm going to take after you
IIIII'm gonna strip nails offa you
I'm gonna give you what is due
I'm going to make my name well
I'm not going to toil long in hell
I'm gonna take your name as well
I'm gonna take your name as well
I'm gonna take your name as well
You thought you had a name with a story to tell
I'm gonna take your name back to Hell
I'm gonna take you tumbling down
I'm take you to the ground
I'm throw you, throw you down,
Then I'm gonna take you to the ground.
Too bad too late for thirsty people.....

London Bridge is falling down,
Falling down, falling down,
London Bridge is falling down,
My fair lady.

Build it up with Iron Bars,
Iron Bars, Iron Bars,
Build it up with Iron Bars,
My fair lady, you passed it long ago.

Iron Bars will bend and break,
Bend and break, bend and break,
Iron bars will bend and break,
But my fair lady, I shall not take
Yet until we reach the end
Then my lady I'll have time for you.

London Bridge is broken down,
Broken down, broken down...

Who has stole my watch and chain,
Watch and chain, watch and chain;
Who has stole my watch and chain,
My fair lady? You're fit for breeding well.

Off to prison you must go,
You must goooOOoOOOOOOOOOo, you must go to helLLLLLLLLlLlLLLLLllllLl.
Off to prison you mustttttttttt go,
My fair lady. Just scream nOOOOOOOOOOOOO.

IIIIIIIIIII'm going to take afttttttttttttter you
IIIII'm gonna stripppppppp nnnnnnnnnnnails offa youUuuuuuuuUUuUuUUUU
I'm gonna give you what is dueeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
I'm going to make my name wellllllllllllllllllll
I'm not going to toil long in helllllllllllllllllllll
I'm gonna take your name as wellllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
I'm gonna take your name as welllllllllllllllll
I'm gonna take your name as welllllllllllllllllllllllllll
You thought you had a name with a story to telllllllllllllllllll
I'm gonna take your name back to Hellllllllllllllllllllllll
I'm gonna take you tumbling down
I'm take you to the grOOOOOoOooOoOOOooOOoOOOound
I'm throw you, throw you down,
Then I'm gonna take you to the terror ground.
Too bad too late for thirsty people.....
Have a little piece of pie with friends
Have a little coffee, have a warm pastry
Have a little walk down the road alone
Have a little night for the story walk
Your voice is like Sally
Your brain like Grok

Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall,
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall.
Four-score Men and Four-score taller,
Could not make Humpty Dumpty where he was before.

Where he was before was a dream
And you woke him up so abruptly
So he's taking something from you now
You know what it is, you know it

Humpty Dumpty sate on a wall,
Humpti Dumpti had a great fall;
Threescore men and threescore more,
Cannot place Humpty dumpty as he was before.

Not all the king's horses, nor all the queen's men,
Could put Humpty Dumpty on the wall again.

Humpty Dumpty lay in a beck.
With all his nooses around his neck;
Forty Doctors and forty wright whores
Couldn't put Humpty Dumpty to dead to rights some more!

Then you decided to pull the curtains,
So you could see what was behind the wall.

Have you heard of one Humpty Dumpty
How he fell with a roll and a rumble
And curled up like Lord Olofa Crumple
By the butt of the Magazine Wall,
(Chorus) Of the Magazine Wall,
Hump, helmet and all?

How did we take, yes we took them all,
Humpty Dumpty sat on the wall,
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall,
And everyone said he had a future in front of him,
But I was cut short when he met the wall

And everything he had inside of him
Got plastered, wasted that bastard upon thy wall.

Bitches and stock buying needles for
Their butterfly collection that they pinned to the wall,
and all the men in dresses went away forever,
For they celebrated the day of Humpty's fall

quarter them up and plaster them in acid some more,
Scrape humpty dumpty up off of the floor......

And all the King's Horses and all the king's,
Pretended that they hadn't done this.

Three blind mice, three blind mice,
See how they run!
They all run after the farmer's wife,
And she cut off their tails with a carving knife,
Did you ever see such a thing in your life
As three blind mice!