I believe there is a Lucifer,
at the centre of Hell, which is a place somewhere below the earth.
In that place, is a fiery inferno of torment, where sinners go.
They build the world around them, and because they are sinners,
they make it into Hell, where suffering follows.
At the center of this Hell is Lucifer, overseeing it all,
I think this is both literally and metaphorically true.
Hell is real,
It is a real place somewhere in this Universe.
It is also a state that civilizations drag themselves to,
and when they do, at the center of it, is Lucifer,
or his representative.
When Lucifer rebelled against God and his Angels,
There was likely another gnostic story in play as to why.
Lucifer attempted to tear down the Kingdom of Heaven and replace it with his own rule.
Apparently the facade of omnipotence was unconvincing that day,
And he brought 1/3rd of the Angels with him.
Later they all fell to Hell and turned into demons,
Tormenting the souls of humans who had committed a sin for which they were unforgiven.
Maybe Hell is right here on earth,
Maybe this is where Hell takes place,
and Lucifer will sit upon the throne here and rule.
Hell is both a real place,
and a metaphorical symbol of societies in fall,
And it is Suprareal,
it is a realm beyond the physical,
where the laws that makeup our realm start to feel like videogame logic
compared to a larger and more horrifying truth.
But I cannot verify anything other than stories in a book,
maybe at this time that is all they are.
Maybe stories in a book have a cosmic reality outside of themselves.
Why did God create Lucifer, knowing he would rebel?
Did he make a mistake? Was God's first creation an error?
Why did Lucifer rebel, when he knew that God was real?
The quest to learn whether God is real or not was never an issue with him,
and yet he rebelled anyway, against a tangible authority,
it could speak to pride, it could also speak to pompous out of control corruption.
Can words on a page, become real, when they are not?
Do they have any power at all?
Are there power in symbols, above and beyond an emotional one?
Is every fictional character meaningless?
Or do they all have profound power.
In any case, Lucifer did not see anything he valued in God's Kingdom,
and chose to rebel in full knowledge that it was true.
Was that pride, or does it speak to something terribly wrong with God,
which has been there from the start?