Dear Registrar,

A note, regarding my rather explosive allegations in that letter,
Yes, indeed, if the allegations I raised are true,
Then we have uncovered proof, most likely, in my opinion, of systemic corruption
at ODSP Parkdale, likely working in Conjunction (likely, or in parallel)
with CAMH, and it's associated departments, and / or probably the Police 
(when i mentioned my odsp was not there that day, near an officer on the street,
he sort of stopped, sighed, and winced, then continued walking,
I only later found out it had been cutoff for sure. It's just an anecdote,
I place no legal weight on it, but it did seem like he knew.), possibly
other parties.

At this time I level no direct allegations against the police (in this regard),
I simply feel that they are likely involved in the retaliation I allege is case based,
if that is true it is corruption.

At this time I level no direct allegations against CAMH (in this regard),
I simply feel that they are likely involved in the retaliation I allege is case based,
if that is true it is corruption.

At this time I level no direct allegations against any additional parties to this matter (in this regard),
I simply feel that there is cause to believe someone else may be involved in the retaliation I allege is case based,
if that is true it is corruption.

At this time I level direct accusations against ODSP Parkdale, 
I allege the denial of service was likely reprisal,
if that is true it is corruption.

My only allegation against Soundcloud is they should reconsider their demonetization policy.

Unless evidence emerges that the other parties are involved somehow,
I have filed only against ODSP Parkdale.

I will note here, The HTRO Tribunal to the best of my knowledge is
not currently equipped to litigate corruption issues,
and I am not the person who is able to levy such charges anyway,
I allege in my form 1 only violations of my rights under the code.

I request only remedies capable of being granted by the tribunal.

If anything else is to be done about it, it is out of my hands,
but yes if ODSP Parkdale was instructed to cutoff my services because of the HRTO Cases filed since
Around November 2025 when i filed the second Amazon Case and Amy Gonzales showed up immediately,
the previous worker was removed, he had been very kind to me, this signaled that would change.
If they were instructed to (or in parallel chose to) cutoff my main source of income and potentially
remove or attach a huge pricetag to my life saving medicaiton ( which my uncle should not have to bear ),
Then the machinery of ODSP Parkdale has been weaponized against me.

That is corrutpion, I'm afraid, a magic word we're never supposed to say,
but if it's proven, and it's already indicated very strongly as a possibly
(along with my core allegations, which are separate) and