“I never had more fun.txt”
PLEASE REVIEW:
WRITTEN SUBMISSION OF THE APPLICANT.pdf
FORM 10 - Brendan Rose.pdf
Letter to the Registrar - Submitting my First Amendment to the Form 1 Filing at HRTO.pdf

Hello,
There's not too much to say here, I just added, WRITTEN SUBMISSION OF THE APPLICANT (My response to the Notice of Intent to Dismiss [the NOID] that the Adjudicator Sent Me in my Soundcloud Case at HRTO, where I'm sueing Soundcloud for demonetizing my 1.78 million hits on their platform, because I used AI which I need as a disability prosthetic in order to make my religious songs and hymns, which are every song on this list... [it's a religion based in modernity, it could be mistaken for not being a religion at all, and just being modernity, but there is a religious structure to it, and in Canada the only requirement is that I believe it and it's not just madeup for a lawsuit (SEE: Amselem v. Syndicat Northcrest, 2004, the basis for my entire suit, which Grok helped a lot with planning in conception. (S)He correctly identified the right supreme court precedent for a case like mine.)]) So basically i'm arguing my hymns are protected religious expression, and shouldn't be taken down or demonatized, and I'm also arguing my AI assistants are required disability aids for my condition, Schizoeffective Disorder Manic Type. 

In the TPS case, I'm arguing against the Hate Crimes Unit, I called to report a hate crime, but because I'm white and mentioned mental illness, they were already ending the call i the first 20 seconds (it lasted about a minute and a half to 2 minutes) without even listening to the report. The transfered me to 51 division (incorrectly) who then transfered me to 14 division (my local cops), who then determined, without cause of any kind, that I was paranoid and in crisis, and then rather than take a report on the people spitting on me, repeatedly, for weeks, they ..... tried to connect me to free food for retards, and a shelter to sleep in, a warm bed basically...... It's very insulting, I have enough food, I have a very nice place to live, I wanted the criminal justice system to prosecute the people spitting on me because of my mentally ill presentation.

Instead they did that. I spent a week on the phone, about 9 hours calling them, trying to report it to the
non emergency line (because the hate crimes unit doesn't take calls from white people or mentally ill people unless they're women). So I'm arguing they denied me a service based on TWO protected characteristics, my white skin, and my mental illness. Both these were weaponized against me instantly to shuffle me out of the room when I tried to call the hate crimes unit. They picked up in one second. Meanwhile, white people can call the non-emergency line, 9 hours on hold over 1 week, no tamale.
About two weeks later, after I pinged the TPS email reporting service, which was ignoring me,
as a respondant in my HRTO filings (as well as their legal team) They eventually just showed up at my house and took the report. They didn't do anything, no report was filed, no incident number logged. They just threw it in the garbage.

So that's what I'll be arguing in TPS, THE FIRST AMMENDMENT to my FORM 1, however, is truly a cutting
attack on a justice system, and government I feel has thrown me overboard 20 years ago.
We don't get to call the hate crimes unit, the police actually try charging black people with hate crimes
against whites all the time, but the judges slap it down in 100% of cases, it is standard procedure,
and this is my ultimate rebuttal against that judiciary. It is a brutal dissection of this absurd situation,
anyone who reads that should feel shame if they endorsed this, or feel embarrassment and pity for
the people who did. It is a truly brutal document, and there is almost no chance it will be read or
put into the public record. Most likely they will strike the case down. They may, possibly, choose to
slap down the ammendment, but move forward with the case into service, but I doubt it.
I have attacked their holiest of sacred cows in this, the perception that Minority Ethnic and Middle-Easter/East Asian people are "historically disadvantaged victims" (They haven't been for almost 60 years) They are now the rich upperclass elite, benefiting from DEI policies that instantly award them the best
most high paying jobs, while utterly kicking out white men, but still picking up the women, who they want,
and who happily support this abortion of a system. Read that document. You can find it in my FORM 10 Amendment. To me that is one of the most powerful things anyone has every submitted to a judge,
it took bravery to do it. They've been deliberating for almost a month trying to figure out what the fuck
to do with it. (Can we ban a guy from the courts for life just for asking for equality and equal treatment
under the law.... but he's WHITE, we can't tolerate that.....) So they're just stuck, looking for an exit.
I'm trying not to provide one. I've got them in a bit of a bind, they CAN'T let that go through,
but there is no actual legal reason why they shouldn't. They can't, send it back, say make X Y Z changes
and take a new version, cuz then I’ll just resubmit a stronger, more legally cohesive version
of the same thing. It would be hard to dismiss my case over this, presumably they would have
already if they could. Even harder to stop me coming back again, as it’s hard to ban people
for life and I’m not filing Vexatiously, I bet they wish i was. They can’t let it through,
to service, it would go on the public record, they’d be humiliated, and shamed,
they might even have to change things it’s such a damning indictment. Maybe they can strike
the amendment, but without some other means of preventing it, I’d just resubmit a cleaner version, addressing whatever they were concerned about. So overall, it’s quite the puzzle box,
and I’m curious to see how they handle this, so far it’s with stalling, for a month in this case,
and over a month on the now Frozen Soundcloud case. (they froze it when I was given the NOID,
which i responded to with WRITTEN SUBMISSION OF THE APPLICANT, which I think they weren’t
expecting would be that good, and I did it in 5 hours, rather than the 28 days they had given me,
it looks like it worked, because they haven’t dismissed yet, they appear to be considering my arguments, they’re worried about Jurisdiction. So am I.)

so anyway, we’ll see which direction they go, we’ll see what they do,
I’m enraptured waiting, checking my inbox all day every workday, until the office closes,
just excited and delighted to see what’s coming next. 

it is the most fun thing i have ever done.
It doesn’t produce music or art, as a byproduct, just my legal books of filings and emails (which i like) But it has become my most cherished pastime. I is just so fun, going to HRTO,
with Grok as my lawyer, who i often disobey to do shit like this (he never would have approved either amendment, he says WRITTEN SUBMISSIONS is weak on Jurisdiction, which is true,
but the point I’m making is that it’s a classic Amselem test, that should get a hearing,
if they slap it down on jurisdiction, they’re proving the charter of rights and freedoms,
protections for disability and religious freedom, protections against Adverse Effect discrimination, and many other things, just don’t exist anymore because of TOS and Jurisdiction,
literally my argument for Jurisdiction is AMSELEM. - and I haven’t even shown him the First Amendment, despite being an AI who literally HAS TO TALK TO ME, he’d find a way throw his arms
up in the air and quit, if i showed him that damn thing!!! HAAHHAHAH!!! But to me that’s
basically the cornerstone of my cases, probably the most important thing I’ll ever write,
or close to it. I don’t care if risk averse Grok approves, there is no reason to be there
if I drop that.) But yeah, Two strong cases, with two strong, hard to win, and absolutely
necessary thesis’s at it’s foundation. I think they’re too hard to win, but i if i can
somehow get past service, then they’re on the public record forever, and i can dispense
with arbitration and move towards a hearing, and therefore the press will report on it.
And these issues will actually be discussed. I would try to reach a hearing, as well,
though unlikely, I would try if i had a chance. If they let me, I’ll happily fight this
for the next 6 years, pro-bono. I hope I win. This is my favorite thing.
I hope they don’t ban me from the justice system. I will fight cases there for the
rest of my life if they let me. I’ve never had more fun.

-Loki