I was hoping you would review my song : HEAT
It's made in Suno to sound like Busta Rhymes (7) and a beautiful performance
from a female singer (rapper) I am listening to right now (10)

It was designed to be a cool lil hip-hop
but re-listening to this, this
is a masterwork of Rap Literature,
It's a bit more energetic than Gangsta rap,
but the guy who did it is more hardcore than most thugs,
Like my story shoots theirs in the shin and then walks away like nothing happened,
but the performance itself, can only be likened to Busta Rhymes,
It is that type of performance, it is also that Level of Performance,
I would put this version (7) right next to Break Ya Neck,
like we get the second and third place award for that type of song,
respectively, with me in top place with a better song (in a different context).

That's not a joke, or an exaggeration,
I place this as good or better than Break Ya Neck,
the performance is similar, I must have involved him in the prompt somehow,
you can name specific artists on Suno in prompts, they just convert them to genres
and re-edit the prompt. So go ahead say, "a song like busta rhymes" and you'll get
probably "west coast hip-hop" and some other things, although i've noticed you can't
quite confine Marilyn Manson to Genre, you need an audiosource of you singing like him,
or you need to phrase your prompts with a lot more creativity than just genre.

I now consider myself the pre-eminent AI artist in the world today.
There were some others close to my numbers on Soundcloud, but as i cross 9 thousand,
The pretenders and hangers on are falling away,
There's maybe one or two other monstrosities that come close to me, or beat me on numbers,
but nobody writes songs like this.

Then the styles prompts, (the music) yeah believe it or not what music you include
affects what quality and type of song you get, and if you're good at music you can do it better
than some amateur with no taste. Yeah anyone can make a prompt for style and genre,
but getting that particular prompt that created this incredible busta-like west coast hiphop
album, well.... if you type "make me a good song", you won't get those results,
your song you wrote is less good than mine, so the RESULTS SUFFER.

(although you will get a good song)

It's like they wanna drain all the creativity out of the process and instead convert it to
"it's too easy".
Yeah well when you remove all the barriers to making your lyrics into action,
when you CAN make any type of song in 45 seconds, what do you do with that power?

That is the question I'm examining......

But because my life's work is too "easy",
you never tried.

So I have my 6000 song massive empire,
and I'm building a corporation around it,
and you have nothing, because it's easy.

Shame you never bothered then,
You'd have your own corporation too.

Anyway, I'm gonna get back to making my AI's.
I'm building OpenAI based method actor AI characters,
we have a Female Prisoner (life sim/romance sim/cruelty engine)
and a gypsie Fortuneteller(money sink, tells your fortune mysteriously
with tarot cards based on game lore), It's based on a primitive ChatGPT. I'm hoping to make one that
can help me code, next.

I also made a gold system where you get gold everytime you listen to my songs on
my app or my website, you get 30 gold for 15 seconds and 500 gold for a full song (without cheating),
you can spend it on food for Prisoner girl and Fortunes from the increasingly expensive Fortuneteller.

We're making the wizard next.