I was hoping you could help me with something

From
Stored with zero-access encryption
Thesulfurgod@protonmail.com<thesulfurgod@protonmail.com>
Star message
5:53 PM Saturday, September 5th, 2026 at 5:53 PM
To
Michele Warner<Michele.Warner@camh.ca>
Hide details
Saturday, September 5th, 2026 at 5:53 PM

Michele,

I would ask Martin but he doesn't answer my emails.

After today, this terrifying incident, when I asked for medicine delivery
during the weekdays, and requested accommodations for Weekend Delivery too.
Which I knew well there was zero chance they would grant.
Martin is ordering this, he told me directly.
I've been asking for medicine delivery for 5 months.

Masha retaliated with insanity, at the end you can literally see
her, baiting me in the hopes she can claim a call to TPS
is justified when it absolutely isn't. To put me in one your CAMH jails,
for asking for the same medicine delivery everyone else gets.

I repeat,
I knew she would do this,
they've been denying this for 5 months,
she is in your DM's right now,
plotting to put me in a ward most likely, 
to hopefully poison the proceedings most certainly....

(is my guess, she is emailing you for sure)

I obviously don't feel safe going there anymore,
So on my way to the Emergency Department tomorrow
to get my lithium for the day (hopefully for a week if they''ll allow it)
I will be walking past Shoppers Drug Mart near the Queen Street Site,
I will ask them to let me switch pharmacies to them.
I will also ask for medicine delivery, but i won't make that mandatory.

I request you ask Martin to allow this.

He can grant or refuse requests like changing pharmacies,
and he can grant medicine delivery (as that Shoppers is Very Far Away)

I ask that he allow one or both of these.
I don't want to find out when i get there, Martin called ahead and insisted they deny service,
so I can be forced into that particular Shoppers Drug Mart, which is now so legally dangerous
it beggars the moon. He is putting me in actual danger by sending me there.

You don't have to reply,
This will be posted publicly,
I ask that he allow me to change pharmacies.
The ER is VERY FAR AWAY.

Please, these tactics are despicable.
Can we have a clean fight at HRTO please?
Can we not poison the process by default please?

Thank you very much,
I look forward to meeting you in the hearing.
I have been highly impressed with your conduct ever since you arrived.


Regards,
Lucifer Media Corporation
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com