A Quotation before beginning:

"There's two coins fighting to survive
one of them is rusted, the other clean"
-Abe

"Martin was forbidden from recording our meeting as he would not agree to provide me a transcript, and instead i've learned, when the contents of the transcript are misunderstood in writing by martin, sufficiently, the transcript, my words, are thrown out. categorically into the garbage.

I confirmed he would try to get something worked out
to get me my medicine delivery, perhaps he suggested, and i agreed,
Patrick Newland could deliver the medicine.

I confirmed he DOES listen to the songs.
This was interesting information, and improved my opinion of him considerably.
This is in sharp contradiction to what I was told by his superior, in our meeting,
about 2 or 3 months ago. When she informed me that he was barred from reading my emails,
listening to my songs, and the lie therefore (or misunderstanding) caused a lot of trouble,
in the subsequent months, and as Martin does not respond to emails, there was no way to simmer
down the problem. He informed me he read the email recently, and even heard the song,
He proved genuine street cred by mentioning his favorite was GROK PUT HER IN A BIKINI.
Which I found amusing. 

This does nothing to address the structural arguments I will raise in this document.
The CAMH system is systemically abusive. Down to it's core.
It is an abusive system from top to bottom. And it corrupts other institutions
with it's influence, easily and often. It is an outgrowth of the pharmaceutical industry,
which has a lot of money, more than most governments, perhaps ours too I haven't checked.
This edifice manifests as large institutions like CAMH, found all over the world,
instituting systems of abuse in the name of "concern" globally in every country
in the world (Except Philippines, essentially). The victims of this institution,
are typically impoverished into the utterly lowest levels of society,
typically dwelling on the street (I have a rich family) eating from missions, etc,
but if they are provided adequate housing and nutrition, potentially any of them
could excel in the same way I have, if further barriers had been removed,
I could have been anything, in public office likely, or perhaps the judiciary maybe,
although the pay would be considerably less in a system that accommodates
the actual needs of people on ODSP, instead of fake hypothetical needs,
like, 500 dollars a month for shelter, which doesn't even buy a closet,
and we're told it's because we get supportive housing for that price,
which is a lie, i spent ten years on those waiting lists, they are fake.
The dwindling supply is so nightmarishly small it beggars the weapon.

But in any case, this and other issues were not addressed by Martin,
nor can they be, as CAMH does not control ODSP, rather,
it exists as a parasite over people in need,
giving them the medication they need, but denying them their basic actual needs,
to the point they whither and die on the street, as people walk over them.
It is a provincial matter, the Government of Doug Ford is required to
solve the problem, and has demonstrated hateful contempt for people on ODSP 
for as long as he's been in office, not by his words, counsel, but by
his actions, depriving us of basic needs to the point of protracted death
on the street. (unless you have a rich family, then they whittle away your family's money, houses get sold, people have to move, marriages fall apart, but some fates are certainly worse.)
I do not like the homeless population, as they generally have hated me and mistreated me
my whole life, but I do not wish them harm, rather I feel more should be done to help them,
through twofold purposes, first by providing a social safety net capable of keeping
everybody off the street, and in the case of ODSP, we should get what has been suggested
many times to this government, $3000 dollars a month ODSP, enough for rent and food.
Instead of neither one nor the other (fully), so that we can live rich and full meaningful lives,
instead of this.

Please review the other sections, taking special care to examine the section on
the conditions in the CAMH Prison-like System, it is not a form of care,
it is an abusive, discriminatory and backwards system that should actually
be abolished in my opinion, but as all those questions are outside the scope
of the HRTO to address the fix, I instead ask only that the limited examples provided
be addressed to the extent the court is capable of providing.

Thank You and Good Day,"
-Brendan S. Rose

[NOTE: This introduction therefore, the work therefore you are reading, may contain slightly outdated opinions and statements on the topics discussed in this introduction at times, the meeting with Martin opens up a world of questions, and please note, much of this has been created with the help of ChatGPT, understand that ChatGPT can make mistakes at times, and does not possess perfect information, it is possible that a few statements may have crept in here and there that were misstated or misunderstood by ChatGPT, However I take full responsibility for this document, with the stipulation that errors like this are likely not malicious, but rather an unfortunate reality of the technology, and some statements may require clarification.]
