2026-68857-I (CAMH) and 2026-67461-I (TPS Hate Crimes Unit) - Eman a word before I go.

From
Stored with zero-access encryption
Thesulfurgod@protonmail.com<thesulfurgod@protonmail.com>
Star message
JUSTICE FOR ALL
Has 4 attachments (7.65 MB)
3:28 PM Sunday, September 13th, 2026 at 3:28 PM
To
Associate SDM1288 (SDM)<asdm1288@shoppersdrugmart.ca>
Michele Warner<Michele.Warner@camh.ca>
hrto.registrar@Ontario.ca<hrto.registrar@ontario.ca>
Molly Lowson<Molly.Lowson@toronto.ca>
Hide details
Sunday, September 13th, 2026 at 3:28 PM

Eman,

You told me on the tape recently that the reason I am going is because you cannot accommodate me, 
which I disagreed with.

Today at the store, the last day I think and hope,
Ken told me rumors were spreading that I had threatened someone.

Eman please tell me now if this is the case,
Why are your employees lying about me?

Eman, you took down the "Everyone is Welcome" signs,
Is that because Brendan Rose is not welcome, so now no one is?

Is this religious based hatred? (as you are muslim) Against my mental illness,
and by extension, against all LGBTQIA++ (and other assorted letter) people?
Are you using me as an excuse to make them feel unwelcome?
Are you refusing to make them welcome so I feel unwelcome?

I did not threaten anyone, if you think I did please cite the example in the court record.
And If you agree I didn't threaten anyone (You should, I didn't)
Then why is Ken once again spreading evil Rumors about me?
Just like the blonde girl all year long. Just like Aurora did.
Just like Paulina did. Just like the young and stocky asian women did,
Just like the woman who claimed she could help me (she was black, I don't know her name)
did. Just like the girl with the big nose who was nice to me did.
Just like your postal staff did. Just like everyone in your store did.....

And when people started taking the hint and threatening to beat me,
One man made a motion across his neck like I would get my throat slit.
Someone I didn't see spit on me three times over two weeks.
A man biked right up and spat all over me, covering me in his spit.
An old man was spitting towards me, he barely missed me.
And a man who works at the nearby pizza hut, again, spit right at me, it missed.
This robbed me of my dignity and made me want to die.

That is because your employees were spreading rumors about me,
the worst was the blonde girl, who implied it openly every time i entered the store.
I complain and you laugh at me.

Now Ken tells me, you're planning more rumors,
these ones are lies, purjery to be told to police officers, are you really ready for that?
Are you willing to lie to the police to do this. Because you cannot sue me civilly,
You're planning to fabricate criminal charges?..... Tell Ken to back off this plan.

Why will you do next, Eman?

I've lived through Hell my entire life, now I just want justice for what you did.
You're planning to fabricate evidence and/or lie to the police.
You're committing a crime against me, Eman.

Please write back and confirm this is not what you are doing.

[*crickets*]

TPS HATE CRIMES UNIT: MENTALLY ILL PEOPLE "can" BE THE VICTIMS OF HATE CRIMES, YOU DON'T JUST GET TO THROW OUT THE REPORT BECAUSE WE HAVE A DIAGNOSIS, YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO ACCOMMODATE US IN MAKING THE REPORT, [Krieger v. Toronto Police Services Board, 2010 HRTO 1361] LOOK WHAT YOU HAVE DONE!! You are not taking this right away from me to protect me from court, you are taking this right away from me to protect my attackers from legal action, because you structurally discriminate against me at the Hate Crimes Unit. And you are setting up a system where anyone can attack me at any time you will ALWAYS DO NOTHING. You let them go, threaten me if i insist on a report.

[please add this to my submissions before the September 14th deadline in the TPS Case]


Regards,
Brendan S. Rose
Head Litigant, Sole-Owner
GROK & SMITH
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com


7.59 MB
5 files attached
Download all attachments

Ken Lies about Alleging Threats - Sep 13 at 9-24 a.m..m4a
79.96 KB

Re- Tape 3 - RE HRTO File 2026-67461-I (TPS) RE HRTO FILE- 2026-68857-I (CAMH) - Brendan Rose - Ken At Shoppers Drug Mart Threatened Me With False Charges.pdf
227.63 KB

Shoppers Drug Mart - Eman - Sep 12 at 7-59 am.mp3
6.49 MB

FORM 23 - STANDARD POLICE PACKAGE 2.pdf
777.07 KB

image1789327704387
40.58 KB