ok, all that was 2022 and 2023, THE HORROR AT KINGSTON ROAD....
It's now 2026, I just made LUCIFER MEDIA CORPORATION, I've recently incorporated,
it's not a big company yet, right now it's designed to take on my IP's and pass them onto a successor
down the road. This is my flagship song. Don't worry I'm not acting it out currently.
All that breakdown is over. I still haven't met my son, but I've come to accept myself for who I am better,
and I'm happier. The music went out of control under Julia my new landlord's rule,
I have become a music emporium. I've changed my life, I'm now following music as my purpose in life,
rather than striving towards Valhalla. The music is better, I have to admit, Valhalla is an afterthought these days (Valhalla is the album I made at Kingston Road and during the Civil Suit, people on Bitchute watched me making it live before during and after) Yeah I've become this big controversial media machine,
this media guy with all these rumors and horrible stories like this about his past, it's kind of like a 
Howard Stern type figure, but with the shock and crime upgraded to maybe 200% possibly 250%...

i don't know,
yeah I'm this media thing

But I'm also
The Horror at Kingston Road

Most of the time people stimey me.
I am usually in the weaker position,
being treatedly badly and mocked by those around me,
But I'm building my empire, the music is strong, in the last year
I wrote about 80 or 90 songs, creeping up on the beatles and I've only
been truly active in music for 8 months, since around the time Scott Adams died

Yeah I'm a weird figure in media

I make the most shocking out of control music

but my literal position is often really weak, pathetic really is how you would characterize my life

but my online life is rich, full, i have a huge media empire

thousands of videos

8000 songs on soundcloud (a lot are doubles of those 80 songs i mentioned)

30 books

a good quality commercial grade game on Epic and Steam in Unreal Engine 5.4

Yeah

Things have moved on positively since then,
I am mostly living my best life, 
making songs like this,
which people are still afraid of

even my peace is frightening to them
but i have become exactly the kind of figure I would have respected
when I was a boy or a young man.

I used to seek out people like that, entertainers with
criminal histories, controversial entertainers, shock rockers,
I have become that person, and without this thread in my life,
I never would have become this.

As painful as that time was,
Without it I wouldn't be me today.

So I guess Nietzsche, 
I wouldn't take it back.

Brendan Rose
CEO - Lucifer Media Corporation