From
Stored with zero-access encryption
Thesulfurgod@protonmail.com<thesulfurgod@protonmail.com>
Star message
Email Folder: JUSTICE FOR ALL
11:43 AM Saturday, September 5th, 2026 at 11:43 AM
To
Patrick Newland<Patrick.Newland@camh.ca>
hrto.registrar@Ontario.ca<hrto.registrar@ontario.ca>
Michele Warner<Michele.Warner@camh.ca>
asdm1288@shoppersdrugmart.ca
psdm1288@shoppersdrugmart.ca
CC
Martin Rotenberg<Martin.Rotenberg@camh.ca>
Hide details
Saturday, September 5th, 2026 at 11:43 AM

Hello Shopper Drug Mart Manager,

In response my human rights claim at HRTO, you are refusing to take my calls now.
In instances like this, maam, reprisal is very easy to prove, even if the initial claim was
potentially more difficult.

I will not use muslim words and phrases anymore,
as you don't like these apparently. (for now)

I just called. It wasn't about the human rights claim as such,
I was calling because ODSP Parkdale cutoff my drug benefits (and ODSP)
in response to a human rights claim.

As a result I will require generic aripiprazole, a generic alternative at lower cost.
You refused the call and denied me a service, in response to a human rights claim
alleging you denied me a service in response to a human rights claim.
On the orders of MARTIN ROTENBERG apparently.
The not quite mastermind of this whole debacle.
Masha, that is not how you shield yourself from liability in a human rights claim.
HRTO is different from civil court, please read up on it before taking more actions
like this which may harm you in these proceedings.

Look up: "DENIED ME A SERVICE" and "CODE BASED GROUNDS"
as a good place to start, to avoid you damaging yourself in the future anymore
in this manner.

Allow me to make myself clear,
i will not go into Shoppers Today to get my lithium.
I have requested you give me basic medicine delivery,
The same as you would give to any other Canadian,
as you said you would be happy to provide in our last conversation,
and then denied service, likely after Martin called you
to instruct you to break the law in furtherance of his goals.

Please put it in the mailbox.
And please email me when it arrives.
As I do not have a phone that takes calls.

Also I would like medicine delivery on weekends too,
as an accommodation for my disability, if it does not create an undue burden on you.
[if someone steals it from the mailbox i will come into the store]

Please stop refusing my calls, I will call again now.

My life is in danger if this not resolved Masha, stop being deceptive,
be honest and noble. Help this man get his medicine in the mailbox,
and his equality in the mailbox as well.


Peace,
Lucifer Media Corporation
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com


PS: I would REALLY rather avoid filing another FORM 1 on Shoppers.
Masha the only person trying to avoid a lawsuit here is me,
Denying service based on an HRTO complaint, to shield yourself from liability.
Is like throwing darts at the judge, to force him to render a decision in your favor.
It has the opposite effect of what you're intending.
I have 4 or 5 large HRTO cases currently running.
I DO NOT WANT TO ADD SHOPPEPRS AS WELL OR I WILL BE TOTALLY OVERBURDENED.
I will not be able to manage my cases if I have to add you.
I WILL ONLY ADD YOU, THE MANAGER, AS AN INDIVIDUAL RESPONDENT
If you give me absolutely no alternative by continuing this behavior.
You are not shielding yourself, you are making it worse.
You are putting my life at risk be refusing that call in order to INCREASE your liability at HRTO.
Shoppers Drug Mart Legal, if you are reading this, please save this poor woman from what she is attempting to do. She likely, does not understand the damage she is doing to your company.
She thinks she is avoiding a lawsuit with this..... Please order her to take the call next time,
and discuss the issue of GENERIC ARIPIRAZOLE, which is the only reason i called just now,
she put me on hold, and left me on hold, until i went away, THUS DENYING A SERVICE
and increasing your liability. Please stop I need the medicine.
As for the lithium, it's less critical to get it immediately but also dangerous.
Tell her to put the lithium and the other slurry of pills, in the mailbox,
and email me when it is there. This will help you immensely at HRTO.
as I tried to explain to her in Arabic:

It doesn't matter Martin ordered you to do this.
In HRTO, people who refuse to infringe on the human rights of others,
are strongly protected. Anyone who punishes you for that will face the judgement.
You are protected when you help me, even if a higher up insists "we have to do this".
If you obey you will face judgment at HRTO, that is what Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario does.

If you insist, you may violate my rights, you will face judgment.
If you violate my rights and i am harmed as a result, the judgement will be very severe, almost certainly.

I don't know what to say to you.
You are supposed to be of noble character.
Show original message