Ok, I showed you my other materials, and you decided, well, you did a show on them, you listened to my perspective, you seemed to think i made an ok case, enough that you weren't mocking me or treating me like junk.... but I just showed grok my, hold on...... ok I added the (DEPRECIATED - DO NOT USE) version of the same document. Grok reviewed it and told me no way you can use that, it's just emotional venting, they'll drop the case on that alone, so he prepared something actually usable in a prosecution setting: INTRODUCTION - Brendan Rose vs Sam Suttle.pdf, which we will be presenting to the crown..... I'm going to ask him to go over the other documents i submitted to you, and rewrite them to be usable in a serious prosecution scenario involving the crown, it is my hope that if all the documents are of this quality, i may actually get it picked up.... I'll swear to these in front of the court, for sure, i'll do that. anyway, here's the document, I'll post it here to in this notes document..... (i note we did not mention i had stopped taking my medication during that time at Kingston road, and um, now.....)

if everything is formal like this, they will take it more seriously:

Introduction / Statement of Facts
Private Prosecution Application – Brendan S. Rose v. Sam Suttle
This application concerns events that occurred primarily between November 2022 and early 
2023. During this period, Sam Suttle, who was acting as Power of Attorney for my mother, 
exercised significant financial control over my living situation.
Sam Suttle imposed severe financial restrictions on me, including limiting my food budget to 
approximately $150 per month. This restriction, together with multiple forced relocations of my
pregnant wife and me contributing to the breakdown of my marriage, and the removal of my 
pets (which served as important emotional support), created conditions of extreme hardship. 
These conditions caused a rapid and severe deterioration in both my physical and mental 
health.
By mid-to-late November 2022, I was in a state of extreme hunger and distress. Upon arrival 
at Scarborough Centenary Hospital on or around November 19, 2022, I was screaming 
repeatedly for food for several hours in the holding area. Hospital staff eventually provided me
with a sandwich. I was admitted and required hospitalization following a severe mental and 
physical breakdown.
As a direct result of this prolonged extreme hardship and deterioration, I experienced a 
mental breakdown that led to a violent incident in which I assaulted another person. I was 
arrested in relation to that incident and received medical treatment.
I believe Sam Suttle’s conduct in imposing and maintaining these conditions demonstrated a 
wanton or reckless disregard for my life and safety. I am seeking to lay charges of criminal 
negligence causing bodily harm (s. 221) and aggravated assault (s. 268) for endangering my 
life.
The evidence in support of this application includes:
• Email correspondence between myself and Sam Suttle (Exhibit A)
• Audio recordings (Exhibit B)
• Photographs and videos documenting conditions and my physical state at the time 
(Exhibit C – Graphic Content Warning)
• Medical records from Scarborough Centenary Hospital (Exhibit D)
Further detailed Particulars of the Offence are set out below, supported by the attached 
exhibits.