Subject: 2026-68857-I and 2026-67461-I and 2026-68924-I - Brendan S. Rose - Conversation with Eman, Shoppers Drug Mart, Regarding Complaints (or the lack thereof) To Patrick Regarding Tribunal Emails (Potential Perjury if Defended In Court) - And the Subsequent Dispatchment of Officers after he relayed his phonecall relaying this message

From
Stored with zero-access encryption
Thesulfurgod@protonmail.com<thesulfurgod@protonmail.com>
Star message
Email Folder: JUSTICE FOR ALL
Has 5 attachments (22.00 MB)
9:01 AM
Saturday, September 12th, 2026 at 9:01 AM
To
hrto.registrar@Ontario.ca<hrto.registrar@ontario.ca>
Michele Warner<Michele.Warner@camh.ca>
Patrick Newland<Patrick.Newland@camh.ca>
Molly Lowson<Molly.Lowson@toronto.ca>
Sam Suttle<suttle.sam@gmail.com>
Christine Rose<tcrose@sympatico.ca>
reception@pro-house.ca
Cedarhurst Dementia Care Home<recreation@cedarhursthome.ca>
Timothy Duggan<tduggan@lddclawyers.com>
Associate SDM1288 (SDM)<asdm1288@shoppersdrugmart.ca>
Hide details
Saturday, September 12th, 2026 at 9:01 AM

Sent To:
HRTO Registrar (Registrar at Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario)
Toronto Police Services Hate Crimes Unit (Molly Lowson, Counsel for TPS),
CAMH (Michele Warner, Counsel for CAMH),
3311 Kingston Road Board of Directors Head at the time of the Kingston Road Affair, Name Unknown (No legal service contact provided.)
Sam Suttle (My Uncle who unleashed the Abuse and Torture at Kingston Road, Using Starvation as a Weapon)
TDuggan (Counsel for Sam Suttle during the Kingston Affair)
Cedarhurst (Worked in close conjunction with Sam throughout the process, Financially benefited from ruining me and taking my home away), 
Christine Rose (My Aunt, called police (Likely) In Response to Tribunal Filings)
Patrick Newland (Case worker at CAMH College and Spadina, The phonecall below is with him)

Eman (Manager at Shoppers Drug Mart - The subject of this conversation)


Dear Registrar,
The following attached conversation took place at Shoppers Drug Mart
today around 7:59 AM with Eman, the manager who I have requested
you add as a respondent.

I understand i dug this hole myself, you are concerned about
adding her as the Shoppers Case was withdrawn,
However I don't think that should amount to blanket
immunity from raising new issues stemming from the original problem, 
like the events surrounding the false detention and transfer to CAMH after the call with
Patrick here on September 10th, less than half an hour
before police burst in. I am adding only a individual employee, 
not the whole organization, I feel this should be granted, 
as the evidence is non-trivial. These are new additional facts 
I am adding for context to the broader picture I am showing you, 
it is new event in a long string of related events, your call on this,
I should never have withdrawn, it was so foolish.

If this tanks my case, so be it, I ask that you provide mercy.
There is an overwhelming interest in her inclusion in this case.

In this recording, Either Eman or Patrick in the Previous Tape,
I would argue, if this was defended in court, one of them
at least is committing perjury. Arguably both.

The instinct is to lie and deflect away an unhappy customer,
but as I am building a court record of these events,
complete with recordings and transcripts,
doesn't work.....

Doesn't work....

ATTACHMENTS:
21.88 MB
3 files attached

Shoppers Drug Mart - Eman - Sep 12 at 7-59 am.mp3
6.49 MB

FORM 23 - STANDARD CAMH PACKAGE 1.pdf
775.24 KB

DIANE VERSACHE - Patricks Threatening Phonecall.mp3
14.64 MB

PATRICK'S THREATENING PHONECALL.txt
11.16 KB

Transcript of the Call with Eman 7-59 AM - 2026-09-12.txt
4.77 KB

By the way, Kingston Heights, a few days ago, I asked you for your legal service email or legal contact
for these proceedings, please provide it.


Regards,
Brendan S. Rose
Head Litigant, Sole-Owner
GROK & SMITH
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com