ok,
So I was a fan of Jordan for a long time,
Until I became his patron,
Frankly he was weird.
He was preachy about AI music, and hostile to any attempts
to just argue for my music, and say like, hey man, this is pretty good music, I like AI music, I like my own music, maybe it's not as bad as you think.
Anyway, this spiraled into a bunch of nonsense, where, first he started asking me if he could
make videos about me without using my name, the answer was, no, and if you're going to do it,
then don't bother to ask, just do it. He made a video that was critical of me,
I responded with my response video, he then was shredding me in the comments section,
which I responded to by leaving a couple angry comments.
He then banned with no opportunity for reply, said I was stalking and criminally harassing him,
publicly in his videos.
And at that point i disengaged.
I left him alone, I didn't bother him,
it seemed sensible with the way he was talking.
I told him what I did in NO WAY rose the level of criminal harassment,
but in this video, dated a month ago (I found it today)
he assures me that is not the case.
Because around that time,
I left a comment on another video he made about me (without using my name directly)
or at least a video about AI music creators like me.
I just said, look, I made 1.7 million hits on Soundcloud for my AI music, I should get paid for that, 
my music is not so fundamentally different that you should get all the money and i should get none.
Maybe take steps to limit volume advantage, but we should still be allowed to make a living,
the fact he doesn't like my music without listening to it is asinine,
the songs' he's referring to are my oldest of the old songs,
I don't use my own voice much anymore,
And the work has actually improved as a result,
a lot of people like that music, it's not just spam,
it's good music, I should get paid.......

Anyway I said something like that.......

He called the CANADIAN RCMP, the FBI of Canada,
This lunatic wants me in prison for leaving a youtube comment
that AI music should be monatized.
Jail for that, says the insane red queen......

Jesus man.

You banned me,
I left some angry comments,
You made a bunch of videos about me,
So I left 1 more.

You want jail for that,
hydrate my butt, sharing it with all the men,
stabbin me in jail,
while i sit in a stone cell looking at the ceiling wondering what happened,

Yeah, I am worried about saying anything on this topic
but Jordan Appears to have gone insane.

At this point, after his behaviour over these last few months,
when I've been mostly ignoring him, I think I deserve an apology.

I think when he gets off his Anti-AI hate train and realizes not all AI music and not all AI musicians are bad automatically, I genuinely expect an apology to roll in.

What is he thinking?