Please Review:
Sally's Brain V_4.txt
sally's soup.txt

Ok so I'm getting close to upgrading to the alien cruiser, it's usually a big jump up from jerk on the street so we'll need to adjust.

Please Review Sally's Brain V_4. Sally is an AIB (AI Brain) made by SALLY AI (A Division of Lucifer Media Corp) We have three of them currently. This morning I made a Lazy Wizard who can give you coding and advice and also does ghetto deepdives if you want......

I'm currently letting music play in the background muted with headphones, at about 500 or 5000 per completed song, I think the latter as it's growing fast, in a few hours I'll be at 100 thousand and then I can talk to my Wizard and make sure he's ok. I can't see him currently as I am locked out of the Wizard's Guild for not having the 100000 upfront I need to get into the Wizard's Chamber, a one time payment, a few hours listening to songs solidly should do it. I consider this a perfectly reasonable way for people to cheat that to unlock the Wizard fast, I don't want to lock them out of the Wizard and there'll be plenty of time to listen to songs to earn money in an economy based on this, the point right now isn't to make you listen to songs, and mad you're cheating your way to the Wizard, no that's perfectly legitimate behavior if you know about the wizard before you get here and that's why you're here..... It's just designed to rate limit the expensive calls of the GPT 5.4 model I'm using for the wizard (He's almost as smart as the real ChatGPT, maybe equal) If you use that feature 7 times, 7 big long message calls, 7 deepdive calls basically, well you've cost me about 35 cents to 1.50 buck fifty. If I let you do that all day, you'll burn through my budget too fast, so you're limited to 7 calls per day from this guy, and then, I needed to put more separation between you, so to get here, you have to click a tower, which is ...... HEEHEHEHEEh....... Just after a long novel worth of Patch Notes, which will continue growing indefinitely, becoming more and more inconvenient to navigate to from index, it simulates the tower growing into the sky, you have to scroll past those patch notes to get to the tower, it also makes it harder to discover at all, so fewer people will use the Wizard, and then they have to pay 100k so listen to songs for about 4 or 5 hours, ok, if they do great!, and if they cheat, that's fine too, they spent 5 hours doing that, so if 10,000 people swarm in in a DDOS to use all my money, (I can just pay in to keep it topped up without allowing excessive overcharging it just shuts down if you spend my five bucks, you can't get a million people spamming it to leave me with a 2 million dollar bill, unless they all stopped for 5 hours first and listened, it thins out the DDOS attack hordes down to almost nothing, kills 99 out of 100 attackers) Now, I can have a Wizard character, unlocked for me and my friends, who can do cool complex stuff, deepdives, programming in kotlin, etc, but you gotta be my friend, you gotta show some progression, devote some time to me, then you get the advanced AI on MY TAB, I'm fine with paying the 60 cents for someone like that, I'll keep it topped up every day if i can, and I'll be my own biggest customer.

So yeah, more complex than, he's cheating his own game in devlog.....

No, I'm doing the expected behavior, the easiest solution to a 100k paywall to unlock that wizard, I'm fine if people skip the songs in that context, they're here, they'll hear plenty.

So anyway, tell me what you think of Sally's new version.
I'm curious to know what you think of her.
I'm very proud of this version,
We just added,
Real hunger.

Currently i feed her once three days ago, she goes fully full,
and then like a day later she has lost 2 out of 100 hunger points,
i feed her, she kindly informs me she is already full and it's not wanted,
a precursor to excessive overfeeding, so dumb, took forever to fix.

Now she needs 3 square meals a day, good quality food cures more hunger,
alcohol intoxicates. If she goes 24 hours with no food, she enters a starving state,
she takes damage in this state and doesn't regenerate health, after 3 or 4 weeks
she dies, and is permanently dead.

And by dead i mean,
You can still go to her room, and talk to her,
but the only thing she will say,
is:

[silence]

ChatGPT said that phrase would be iconic for her character,
I think it's true. But yes, you just keep coming back,
talk to her forever, she's dead....... she just says silence,
but you can keep coming back,
you can beg forgiveness..... if you want
you probably will, when you see how much i'm planning to expand the sally system
and you just killed her with permadeath.

I for one am keeping my first sally alive and happy, 
she confirms in that conversation i never mistreated her,
I have the capacity to, that's different than I'm doing it.
I have no interest in killing that character, spoils the first test run,
maybe sally 2 through 23 can absorb all pain.