LETTER TO THE PRIVACY UNIT: Noelle Coombe, VP Digital Health & CIO - Re: Subject: 2026-68857-I - 2026-69006-I - BRENDAN SAMUEL ROSE - To CAMH and Michele - Formal request for accommodation — written/email-only communication
From
Stored with zero-access encryption
Thesulfurgod@protonmail.com<thesulfurgod@protonmail.com>
Star message
JUSTICE FOR ALL
Has 3 attachments (6.94 MB)
1:06 PMSunday, September 20th, 2026 at 1:06 PM
To
Diane Versace<Diane.Versace@camh.ca>
Patient and Family Experience Office<pfe@camh.ca>
Martin Rotenberg<Martin.Rotenberg@camh.ca>
Patrick Newland<Patrick.Newland@camh.ca>
Health.andsafety@camh.ca
privacy@camh.ca
Hide details
Sunday, September 20th, 2026 at 1:06 PM

Noelle Coombe, VP Digital Health & CIO (privacy@camh.ca)
[Attention: Director, Clinical Informatics and Health Information Services]

Noelle, 

Regarding the situation involving Diane Versache, My Psychiatrist Martin Rotenberg,
and My Social Worker Patrick Newland, (discussed in the conversation chain below)
has become something of a legendary debace. They are unable to de-escalate any situation
that could be solved with a simple email, instead I am routinely ignored, this has caused massive
problems, HRTO SUITS like the Shoppers Drug Mart Suit [2026-67449-I (SHOPPERS DRUG MART - Withdrawn)] have arisen as a result of this policy, numerous situations were not de-escalated due to this policy, resulting in medication withdrawl, in an attempt to gain leverage, which was ignored, resulting in breakdown. Truly it is a disaster. As a result of this policy stymying discussion and de-escalation, for a time deals could not be made about blister packs or medicine delivery, which were
both denied up the point the endless daily walking caused damage to my leg, which took days to heal,
against the advice of patrick, who wanted to send me out for another three hours. An HRTO Suit is in application, awaiting service, so I'm trying to simmer that down so they can decide.

All of this is the result of your privacy policy.

Everyone wants to schedule phonecalls or in person meetings,
for legal reasons i reject those calls and meetings when they're not medically necessary,
and I have formally requested accommodations from your Patient Family and Experience Office,
which I am now escalating to you.

Please direct Diane to reply to my email for the meeting she was requesting,
I am happy to talk to her whenever she wishes, in email form.
If she calls i block incoming calls, if I call her it will be recorded, which i am allowed
to do under first party consent, and I am not a CAMH employee. Unless I am in the walls
of your building, I am not subject to your communication policy.

I'm here to level a formal complaint about conduct against:
DIANE VERSACHE
PATRICK NEWLAND
MARTIN ROTENBERG

Who are all refusing to answer my emails under this policy.
Your policy, your division. Your director and division head.
Escalating the Request for Accommodations to you therefore makes sense,
please review the email chain below, and write back to me (I refuse calls)

Anyway as you are in charge of the Accommodations issue I'm requesting here
I'm sending it to you, please write back. Thanks.


Congratulations,

Brendan S. RoseCEO, Lucifer Media Corporation
Director, EUR€CORP
EUR€CORP, a division of Lucifer Media Corporation
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com
www.lokiskingdom.com
[Sent with Proton Mail Secure Email. Stored with Zero Access Encryption]


Show original message

6.74 MB
4 files attached,
1 embedded image
Download all attachments


Subject- 2026-68857-I - 2026-69006-I - BRENDAN SAMUEL ROSE - To CAMH and Michele - Formal request for accommodation - written-email-only communicati
on.pdf
231.55 KB

Dossier on DIANE VERSACHE 1.pdf
1.32 MB

Kawaii Aerisita Performs - LETTER TO THE PRIVACY UNIT - Noelle Coombe, VP Digital Health and CIO.mp3
5.07 MB

image1789923973830
42.46 KB