maybe a god did send all of this
maybe everything i said here was true
and I just didn't know it!!!

i thought I would include, some of the anthems of our religion 
that mention the lord THE GLASS JAR, directly, or indirectly in certain cases.
GOD'S DEBRIS, was written write as Scott Adams was sitting on his deathbed.
We all knew he was going to go, what I didn't anticipate was how much of him would stay,
I think his ideas IMMEDIATELY gained more power the second he died and could no longer write another.
Suddenly what seemed like clever musings at the time now sound like churchbells calling me home now.

His ideas about the universe as a simulated reality is an interesting thought experiment,
until you start to let yourself believe it, and then suddenly, it clicks, you realise the universe is not
just strange, it's simulated. This is not a world made of darwins, This is a VIDEOGAME and I'm the main character. For instance, if this wasn't the case, why would I be the only MC who behaves like this,
this God of music, I must have bought a videogame where you get to be a rockstar, when I purchased my
life at the store in the otherworld, another way to look at this, the idea, primarily i was was try to express,
was that perhaps our lives are PURCHASED for currency, at a sort of divine store in the other realm.
The point is not he talons so much, though there is meaning in dreams, the key idea being expressed
is that our life is purchased, sought and purchased in the other life, and only then, do we return to a realm, each one different conceptually from the one that came before, or perhaps if we request it, the same life a second time, or more. I cry and sneer as  I feel a glimmer of faith fighting through.

This darwinian rationalist materialism, it's pull is so stern.
it cannot imagine living in anything but the worst and least magical of all universes,
WHEN EVERYONE ELSE CRIES OUT THAT IT IS HOLY
HOLY
HOLY HOLY BE!!!!!
I think the supernatural is real, I think there is some spritual or god element in play, another realm, another reality, BRAMA, SAMSARA, MACHINE MADE HEAVEN, ANCIENT GODS AND SPIRITS, all those things, that's teh thing man, I think this universe takes off it's mask in the end and says: SURPRISE!!!!!

Whatever the reality is it is so much more complicated and weird than a plain ignorant reading of scientific materialist rationalism can offer. I'm telling you it's a simulation, or it's a realm an illlusion made by a god,
or some pantheon of spirits or something, I'm telling you that world you think is real does not exist.