Medicine Delivery - Regarding HRTO FILE: 2026-67449-I (previously withdrawn) - Brendan Rose - Related cases: HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I

TO: Shoppers Drug Mart Manager, Martin Rotenberg, Patrick Newland, Michele Warner, HRTO Registrar, Stephen Cahill, Molly Lowson
[PLEASE REFER TO THE CASE CITED ABOVE FOR FURTHER INFORMATION - SPECIFICALLY THE FORM 1. I will provide it on request.]
[Martin, you are CC'd because you are ordering to do this nonsense and you benefit directly from daily reports you may use against me in court.]
[Patrick, you work for Martin. I have asked you to resign, you do not do your job anymore, you utterly refuse to do your job in any way whatsoever, because of my HRTO filings you are denying me that service. Please resign and replace yourself with someone willing to communicate with me. You have ceased all communication with me, a poor strategy suggested by many lawyers, rather, fixing the problem the person came to you with can often avoid the need for lawyers at all. It is an unnecessarily hostile and aggressive stance, and at HRTO, when denial of service is the order of the day, refusal to do your job in any way because you fear an HRTO suit, is illegal, and foolish. It is a denial of service on the basis of HTRO filings. It is illegal at HRTO, please consult an HRTO specialist, regular lawyers do not understand this system very well.]
[Michele, this clearly involves you, I don't even need to explain why.]
[Stephen Cahill, as Martin attempted to intervene in and destroy my HRTO suit against Soundcloud on Day 2, with a denial of medication, lasting one week of panicked filings, he has involved himself in your case very directly, you are involved with this man therefore sir. It's not neccissarily mutual, but I would be lying if i kept you off the CC list claiming you are an interested party in this matter. Thank you for keeping my Soundcloud account intact throughout this process, it is an important archive to me, and so far your conduct has been immaculate, it occurs to me, Soundcloud may likely HAVE hired an HRTO specialist, or at least a very shrewd lawyer.]
[Molly Lawson, CAMH is a potentially impacted party you have been copied, please stop saying you don't understand why. (I acknowledge you only said it once, call it hyperbole)]
[Shoppers Drug Mart Manager (I am sorry I forgot your name) I hope we can work things through without conflict. I hope we can achieve peace together.]

"Except for those who believe and do righteous deeds. For them is a reward uninterrupted." 
                                                            (Quran 84:25)
As-salamu alaykum

Hello Shoppers Drug Mart Manager,

My apologies I have forgotten your name.
Today I asked for medicine delivery, specifically noting that I need email notifications,
and I do not take or listen to calls. Insha'Allah.

I did not have time or the desire to go outside today. Insha'Allah,

Instead I am dragging myself to shoppers drug mart, surrounded by people i hate,
it is mutual, just so i can get to shoppers and get my medication. Bismillah.

I was hoping i could have a day alone. I am very unhappy now. Bismillah.

This happened the last time medicine was supposed to be delivered.
An email was requested notifying me when you would be there.
You were informed i do not take or listen to calls. Someone called several times,
no medicine was delivered. Bismillah.

Next time, send an email before you come, telling me when you will arrive.
If that doesn't happen, instead of calling again three times and bringing the medicine back to Shoppers,
put my medicine in the mailbox. Insha'Allah. Bismillah.

"we can't do that!"

Fine.

Then send an email before you arrive indicating when you will be here,
use this email. Do not call, even once, or you are mocking my instructions
should it happen a third time. Insha'Allah. Bismillah.

I hope that we can work together as it seemed we would towards
a mutually beneficial relationship for all where i get my medicine delivery
and you get a happy customer. Insha'Allah.

Jazak Allahu Khayran

However, as you have caused me trouble today,
I now request medicine delivery every day of the week.
I request accommodations on the grounds of my disability,
for delivery on weekends as well if it does not create an undue burden.
Insha'Allah.

Please do not refuse this request citing Martin.
I am talking to YOU, you dispense the medication.
What I said to Aurora was this, I do not feel you are treating me equally.
You are not giving me the same services you do to other customers.
You are denying me a service because I am crazy.

[please do not use the term "mental illness", I consider it a hateful term
call me crazy instead, as i vastly prefer this.] Insha'Allah.

I am sorry to ask this, but i am also very angry now.
Please write back with your answer.
I do not wish to discuss this matter in person.
In writing, answer. Insha'Allah.

Ma'as salamah,
Brendan S. RoseCEO - Lucifer Media Corporation
Human Rights Activist
Self-Represented Applicant
HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I and HRTO FILE 2026-68793-I
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com


HRTO REGISTRAR, I am being denied several different services here
on the grounds of my HRTO filings or my protected characteristics. ("crazy")
These cases are clearly connected by the way, as i have explained above.
I find the suggestion that they are not at this point to be alarming, almost delusional,
I hope for a better result from the Tribunal than I have got from these guys.


PS: I would prefer if it is delivered at 12 noon every day of the week.
Thank you in advance for agreeing to this request, as it will make me feel like
I am treated as any other customer.


Also, I am very uncomfortable that our conversations are being reported
daily to a man I am in a human rights lawsuit against.
It is highly disturbing.


I request my medicine delivered in part because of this reason as well,
but primarily i hate the people in this neighborhood, it is mutual,
I do not wish to be around them. But in addition to that,
Yes, I wish these daily intelligence reports to martin to cease immediately.

If you refuse or do not reply, 
i will file to renew the case against you at HRTO,
as it was withdrawn because i thought the staff there were my friends,
I believe now I was clearly mistaken. There is a general attitude of hostility now
towards me, because of my HRTO filings. Bismillah. Mashallah.

أنا مسلم.