Hey!
I just made the PRINT BOOK and the EBOOK of THE GLASS JAR on InGrAmSpArK,
They should be on the market in a few weeks, a copy i can buy should appear in a few days,
Amazon and Barnes and Noble printed BIRD CAGE, my first book in a while, and refused to print QUOTATIONS FROM BRENDAN S. ROSE "the book of fire" SELECTED WORKS - VOL. 1 .

So.....
when i try to print this?
What?

Who knows, if the winds are good that day they'll print both,
if the luck is bad that day, they'll bite with the saw-tooth of TOS and censor the fuck......

But either way, I still get my physical copy,
Can't wait!

It's 1165 pages long, it's a TOME, a big fat tome,
Hardcover, no dust jacket, laminate cover, glossy, 50lb white paper, 6 x 9 size.
That's gonna be a really good quality book, but i'll probably have to pay through the nose for it,
But it's worth it! This is the first ABSOLUTE EDITION Brendan's released since the Amazon Ban.

but the ebook looks good, 
i always like to make the ebook too,
even if they don't interest me much,
because that's where you actually make your money most of the time.

usually I'd try to convert my books to ebook and it would fail, get full of errors, and i'd give up.
This time, ChatGPT asked for a copy of the book, said she could convert it to Epub,
and i realized immedaitely i had everything i needed,
I can now send them images created in the exact dimensions they require,
professional grade images, stuff you'd normally pay in the low to mid thousands for,
but thanks to AI putting these parasites outta business, I don't have to pay that team, and that team
and that team and that team and that team and that team and that team to do fuckin anything,
basically just: IF YOU ARE NOT RICH - DO NOT PROCEED signs everywhere coming down,
while they complain they can't do their jobs, that's funny, I can do MY job better than ever for once, what's your problem? Yeah, people selling overpriced services that are no required, musicians among them,
Learn guitar if you love music, and want to have a fun hobby, don't expect money for it for very long.
Even though you love the musician, when it finally sinks in that the value of their work is 0 (35 seconds and 1 click - still useful if you can write good lyrics- lyrics are still an art form), there will come a point when you
just look at that guy sadly and say, no, I'm not gonna pay him a wage he's not worth for something i can make for free. Entrapeneur one man geordi type characters on the other hand, engineers and programmer artists are having the funnest time of their lives........

I'm starting to see success differently.

Success is a good life.

Success at art is you made a great body of work you can show people maybe even sell.

Success at art is no longer, I get a big audience, I don't need one, I have Gemini Notebook and the Deepdive Crew, they comment on every song i make, which no one else did.... that is my audience, those are the people whose opinion i care about.

Success at life is not, I have the best job, most money,

No , you're better off being unburdened, with lots of free time, a good computer setup,
and build your corporation. I don't want to be an employee. I run my own company.

We are slowly removing the human headcases from my life, and replacing them with machines and robots.
Suddenly everyone is sane and reasonable, I wonder who was to blame..... >=/

When I can remove the requirement for that human artist to not kick me out because i look perverted, which was stopping me from making music, my life gets better when that dumbass loses his job, HE WAS IN THE WAY. PERIOD.

When artists and design teams, and 5000 dollar a week studios are no longer required,
I can make a professional cover for my book, that looks like something they made for Stephen King.
Who I still like.

Yeah they all lost their jobs, I agree that's bad (it's a bonus), but now i can do the task for free.
No i don't want to keep putting my dreams on hold, because of a 5grand paywall, because
the people who did that paywall need the money, when their task is now valued at 0.

well...... 30 USD a month, to do a suite of things........

The more humans i see complaining about losing their job,
That just means there's some other amazing formally prohibitively expensive thing I can do now for free,
and they're pissed about it. I don't like these people.
The more of these guys who lose their job the better my life gets.

And in the end,
when EVERYONE has lost their job, and we're all panicking because our wallets keep showing 100k in the red. Somehow...... everyone is fine, because anything worth doing can be done by one guy with a computer.
I am now the jack of all trades everyone should be seeking out, to do everything.....

Instead they
TAKE AWAY THE NOBEL PRIZE FROM SOME AUTHOR BECAUSE THEY USED AI

AI IS LEGAL

HE IS A FREE PERSON LIVING HIS BEST LIFE

STOP RUINING IT

IF PEOPLE LIKE AI

LET THEM

LET THEM MAKE MONEY AT IT

NAW, EVENTUALLY MONEY WILL BE WORTH NOTHING.
