i think i'm doing good.....
I'm also starting to post more during the workday....
I still have the superpower that I can post at 3 in the morning and they still gotta read it
But lately, I've been posting during the day mostly, I even breathe a sigh of relief when the business hours workday is over. Yesterday I posted 3 letters during the workday,
and they're letters,
because they're being sent as physical letters (so funny) to the Toronto Police Services Hate Crimes Unit.
I still just imagine him getting three of those a day, lol.......

So I mentioned this to a guy on the street.
When you fight a case with your lawyer, it costs you money to continue the case
while their lawyers make money from the conflict.

With me, I represent myself, and I got infinite time,
see so, my losses are less bad than a normal guy,
I don't bleed money for every day the fight continues,
It's neutral money for me, and their boss still bleeds money for every day he hires you.....

Would be better if i gained from the fight too,
But being able to fight as much as i want,
and never worry about bleeding money........

Exactly....

Being poor (Judgment Proof) is a superpower,
it makes you largely immune to civil suits,
So you can take on Goliath,
You really can, and that is what I have done here......

All I have is this slingshot,
But i expect to win

My business worker, with his four car garage,
Cannot Sue Soundcloud for violating the charter.
if you analyse my strategy,
what emerges is a picture of a man,
obsessed with radical freedom of speech,
and radical rights protections,
in the name of protecting artworks from deletion and removal,
It's radical civil rights case, which i noted as remarkable,
because I thought i was the badguy of the videogame,
being the monster,
then i analysed my filings and came to that conclusion,
I appear to be a very solemn and serious civil rights activist,
while i was trying to be the badguy, which didn't work.
No I look at that set of filing and I see a hero,
fighting for people's rights, especially the right to free speech
but also things like the right to work at my chosen profession and make a living, and as i strived to attain this,
I realized with some shock I am a hero, not a villain.