OK GUYS, PLEASE REVIEW - "Bad Binaries"
THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTS FILED TODAY AND THIS MORNING:

-Subject- HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I - Brendan S Rose - Requesting Comment From The Registrar on Volume.pdf

-Form 10 - Requesting the Registrar Comment on Volume.pdf

-Cover Letter - Request for Reconsideration 1.pdf

-HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I FORM 20 - Request for Reconsideration 1.pdf

AND THE REGISTRAR'S RESPONSE (so far):

-2026-67461-I Form 1 (1).pdf

-2026-67461-I Summary Hearing Will Be Held (1).pdf

PEACE EHATS AND IHORS!!!
-Brendan Rose (LMC)

OK I'M GOING QUIET NOW
ANYTHING I SAY AFTER THIS WILL DAMAGE MY CASE MORE.....

Yeah um,
i'm just gonna tell you what I'm doing here because you really don't get it
First the adjudicator didn't tell me to stop sending unsolicited communications and instead got a flood of them. He ordered me to stop communicating 3 months ago and write a 5 page document (they have still not ruled on). I filed the document that day and I waited. I did not send any further communications until the next phase of the proceedings.

Then, they didn't give me a page count, I took that as a tacit nod that I could send as many communications as i wish prior to the proceedings, i thought this was the accommodation.
I don't get my email hearings (probably) and so instead, I get to make as many arguments
as I want before the hearing (my disability accommodation in this matter) and then at the hearing
where I am disadvantaged, that would be balanced by the fact my filing would be in the record, and would
be considered in addition to the results of the hearing (purportedly stacked against me) in the final decision, thus balancing things and accommodating my disability....

Now the issue of accommodations and page count email amount caps, etc, (all very odd and restrictive measures that should not generally be applied unless absolutely necessary, which this isn't
just read my filings, how about an extension of time to read them, they're valid arguments- Accommodations in other words which the deepdive appears to be slapping down as mattering or relevant in this matter, which is actually ALL about accommodations, or the lack thereof, and discrimination in public services and big online platforms, against my disability- refusal to accommodate, the main issue in TPS, the main issue in Soundcloud, the main issue in CAMH, the main issue in Judicial Review when I overturn what will almost certainly be a bad decision.)

So here's my actual strategy,
I know I cannot get a fair fight in this system.
They will not let me win, I have this illness, I'm a crazy musician, they don't respect people like that,
I will be dismissed.
I am fighting for a bad dismissal, that I can get overturned. I'd only be fighting these cases on a second round, after overturning a bad ruling that would not happen the second time around.
The judge is being unfair to me,
He's falling for all my bad binaries.
Accommodate my email hearings-----> NO YOU'LL USE AI (I have a right to, but)
OK Accommodate my email hearings with no AI-----> NO YOU'LL.... You see, hearings have a special power, the ability to see people, watch faces move, in the courtroom, is especially required when ejecting the mentally ill man from the room [4 hours later] and that is why I am ruling NO, on that.
OK, that's scary, you did this in other cases but you're singling me out as not having should get email hearings granted (like all the other times) [because i'm mentally ill] fine, then I'd like IN PERSON HEARINGS, so i can truly see the faces, as the option that disadvantages me least. -----> *sweats*----->NO, because the standard format is ZOOM. [I'm fine with a zoom call by the way, not the issue, he's saying no to everything i request]
APPLY FOR RECONSIDERATION (on the Road to Divisional Court over the issue) ------> [sends form letter: The form letter states: This is fine..... Everything is fine]
I file a FORM 10 requesting comment if have even bothered to read my filings, or if they plan to throw them out without reading them on volume alone (the filings are substantive)---------> Pending answer
I had previously asked the registrar to comment and the adjudicator rule on the topics discussed in two emails, among them, I have ticked the box arguing race at this hearing, you struck down my arguments on race, the rest are in those filings, are arguments for reverse racism permitted at HRTO------------> [the form letter sits, in silence, answering nothing]

so that's two more bad binaries you still have to rule a bad decision against me for to stop me.

A bad binary,
in a basic sense,
is giving the judge two bad options,
A) Give me something that helps me
B) Issue a bad ruling in order to say no that will disproportionately affect the rights of people with disabilities, people requesting wheelchair accommmodations, everything, speech, everything, you have to hack it all apart to issue the bad ruling in a bad binary. 9 in this case.