HRTO FILE NUMBERS:

2026-68857-I - Brendan Rose v. CAMH (Center for Addition and Mental Health)
2026-67461-I - Brendan Rose v. Toronto Police Hate Crimes Unit
2026-67265-I - Brendan Rose v. Soundcloud Inc
2026-68793-I - Brendan Rose v. ODSP Parkdale

3. Please describe the order requested in detail.

Please change my non-monetary Remedies in all of these listed cases to include:

Amend the Mental Health Act to include the following language.
After a 72 hour FORM 1 hold for observation has concluded, in order to keep the person longer, or administer medication compulsorily, the person being held must be provided with a criminal lawyer, and a Trial Held, with a Judge,
and opposition counsel who can be challenged (the person being held may represent themselves, otherwise a lawyer will be provided free of charge,
for those who request it, or a lawyer may by hired on at a rate of their choosing by the person being held.) in court, in standard adversarial
environment, where evidence can be submitted, and you must face your
accuser in court. If their accuser has lied in order to put them there,
they are guilty of perjury, and jailed for a term not exceeding the
maximum sentence of 14 years in prison. In a standard scenario familiar
to any criminal lawyer. (It is considered a criminal law matter after the 72 hour hold has concluded) Verdict rendered by the judge in a speedy and fair
manner, if you feel the judge has made a reviewable decision you may
challenge them, in an appeal, in the standard manner. IE: Criminal Justice Protection for all, and they cannot be held any longer, unless a verdict is rendered against their favor by the judge, and all appeals exhausted. 

A provision is made that :

REGARDING THE FORM 1 72 HOUR HOLD FOR OBSERVATION

This is an observation hold. (not a prison) The living conditions are
humane, pleasant and calm. Televisions and computers are provided,
and videogame consoles, as well as libraries, and sport facilities. Food is delivered via UBEREATS or DOORDASH, paid for by the hospital, to the person being observed, the meals of their choosing (within reason). If conditions in the holding area are cruel, inhuman or degrading,
The CAMH officials responsible are guilty of an offense indictable
on conviction and subject to a term not exceeding 14 years in prison,
with a mandatory minimum of 5 years in prison.

If you feel you have been abused by the staff you may escalate this
to the criminal justice system, and on conviction, they are held for 
a term not exceeding 5 years, with a mandatory minimum of 6 months 
in prison.

Denial or refusal to provide a lawyer for this or any other legal purpose,
is considered an offense guilty on conviction for a term not exceeding
5 years in prison, with a 2 year mandatory minimum sentence.

4. What are the reasons for the Request, including any facts relied on and submissions in support of the Request?

Due to the out of control abuse in this system listed in my many filings across the listed cases. (And the Shoppers Drug Mart Case, which was withdrawn) It is offered as emergency reform of an out of control system of abuse, which has gone completely out of control over the last 20 years.
It violates human rights, viciously and consistently, relentlessly
aggressing against rights, to the point that it is as if human rights
do not exist at all within that system. Escalation to the HRTO is often
seen as "evidence of insanity" or "an aggressively litigating patient in crisis" (as it was here) in need of a FORM 1 hold, the exact form we are attempting to reform here. No one should be jailed unjustly. The Form 1 has become a weapon of abuse and torture.

7. If you are relying on any documents in this Request, please list below and attach. You must 
include all the documents you are relying on.

I cite merely my referenced cases. 
2026-68857-I - Brendan Rose v. CAMH (Center for Addition and Mental Health)
2026-67461-I - Brendan Rose v. Toronto Police Hate Crimes Unit
2026-67265-I - Brendan Rose v. Soundcloud Inc
2026-68793-I - Brendan Rose v. ODSP Parkdale
In each case, an out of control CAMH System, or other similarly corrupted (by CAMH) government agency, body, or police force, or doctor is involved in as a hostile litigated against party for a slurry of abuses, reprisals, denial of service, human rights impositions, etc, etc. For this reason they must be reformed, before the cancer metastasizes, into something even darker, and far worse.

THE MENTAL HEALTH ACT IS A PROVINCIAL ACT,
and it is within the power of the HRTO to REFORM IT.