REGARDING THE SUMMARY HEARING
by Brendan S. Rose

"on bias, implicit bias and open prejudice, on accommodations"

666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666
2026-67461-I - TORONTO POLICE SERVICES : HATE CRIMES UNIT
666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666

TORONTO POLICE SERVICES HAVE EXPRESSED NO PREFERENCE FOR HEARING FORMAT THUS FAR (1 neutral vote)
CAMH HAS EXPRESSED NO PREFERENCE FOR HEARING FORMAT THUS FAR (1 neutral vote)
I HAVE EXPRESSED A PREFERENCE FOR WRITTEN ONLY PROCEEDINGS (1 vote for written only)

SO AS OF THE STATE OF THE BOARD TODAY, the motion passes, WRITTEN ONLY PROCEEDINGS SHOULD BE GRANTED AFTER THE MONDAY 2026-09-13

DON'T COMPARE ME TO DABIC, I FEEL IT IS A POOR COMPARISON,
RATHER I FEEL A BETTER EXAMPLE, THE CLOSEST ANALOGY TO MY CASE WOULD BE

PG vs BATON ROUGE RESTAURANT, where reasonable accommodations requests were
denied under new management (Doug Ford) and therefore the decision to
"ask me to leave" which seems fated citing likely some variation of "high maintenance"
Regarding these accommodations requests, renders the final verdict highly reviewable
if found against me, as the bias implicit in these decisions is clear,
I am presumed to lose. I am being brough here to lose. My written submissions
will not be reviewed or considered in any serious degree, is the only conclusion
I can reach from this.

It is my hope that in these proceedings, (they will be oral hearings,
designed to discriminate against my disability) so unless CAMH and TPS
decide not to show up like they did with PG, this time PG will have a fight
on his hands, I'll try to crawl up the stairs with both hands tied behind
my back and do my best to win the boxing match against two hungry TYSONS,
but I officially level my protest here any now....

This is absurd.

Any decision rendered under these conditions is HIGHLY SUSPECT.

In any case the other parties have abstained from registering a preference in this matter,
therefore, unless something comes in the next day, the motion carries,
(1 vote for, 2 abstentions) the format is written only, right, adjudicator?

6666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666

PART 2 – How the Hearing Will Be Conducted (Hearing Format)
The HRTO has the ability to conduct hearings in person, in writing, or by electronic 
means, pursuant to Rule 3.5 of the HRTO’s Rules of Procedure.
The HRTO’s default practice is for summary hearings to be conducted as an oral hearing
by videoconference (i.e., on Zoom). This provides parties the opportunity to make oral 
submissions, explaining their account on what happened and their legal position on the 
issues, as required by section 43(2) of the Code.
While a videoconference hearing is the HRTO’s default practice, there are reasons why
parties may need or prefer to have the summary hearing issues decided in writing,
instead of attending a hearing and making oral arguments. Because s. 43(2) of the Code
makes it clear that the HRTO shall not dismiss an Application without affording the 
parties an opportunity to make oral submissions, the matter cannot be decided in writing
alone unless all parties clearly express a preference to forgo an oral hearing. Even 
where the parties ask for the summary hearing to occur in writing, an adjudicator may 
determine that it is necessary for the matter to be conducted as an oral hearing. Where it 
is determined that a summary hearing will be conducted in writing, all parties will have a
final opportunity to file written submissions with their arguments before a decision is 
rendered. 
If a party wishes to express a preference for hearing format, this must be provided to the
HRTO in writing by no later than September 14, 2026.

6666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666

The applicant expresses a strong preference for Email Only Proceedings,
And implores the opposition parties and respondents, CAMH and Toronto Police Services,
to agree to this requirement. It is required in order to obtain a fair hearing
for me, due to my disability.

Those who oppose this request, are requiring the "Wheelchair Guy" to crawl
up the stairs with his hands, on his way to get to the prize fight against professional
fighters, his wheelchair is thrown away by the Adjudicator (potentially)
and any attempts to do this will be met with a request for reconsideration.

I am at an extreme disadvantage in these negotiations, and I am fighting entrenched
wealthy power and both political and state power, IN ADDTION TO THIS MISMATCH,
my wheelchair is being thrown away by the Adjudicator (potentially),
purportedly so as not to disadvantage the others, who I note here,
Have both voted by default it would seem for no preference (making the only vote MINE, 
the motion carries then, yes?)

The refusal of accommodations of any kind, even a single accommodations request
granted, including the request not to be referred to by hateful and disparaging
names by the opposition counsel, and to be called something that is not automatically
biasing, as I have requested in my T00O1E Request for accommodation forms.

No decision has been rendered on a relaxation of the rules, as outlined in
a separate accommodation request leveled on 2026-06-02, in order to account for
simple rules changes to accommodate my disability, the relaxation of rules
when appropriate, and to now crack down with the full force of the rules,
this has not been ruled on, none of my accommodations requests have been ruled on.

They have been completely ignored. Perhaps this is a scheduling matter,
to be resolved before the hearing.

Additionally, regarding the accommodations request regarding the submission of
Evidence by Private Investigators and other parties, requesting rules changes
to prevent slanderous misuse of recordings of my socially anxious partial-breakdowns
when forced into the public, to not allow recordings of my breakdowns to be used
unfairly as evidence, especially in the case of CAMH, where these breakdowns
are created by design, as outlined in my filings, by the CAMH Prescribing Doctors,
who will not allow medicine delivery to my home, instead demanding i walk through
a gauntlet of people who hate, mistreat, and spit on me, then they want to record
the breakdown as evidence, shameful.

This has not been ruled on, or acknowledged in any way.

Furthermore, in response to my filings, Molly's Team has dispatched
officers to arrest me improperly, they attempted to deposit me in CAMH
after a false arrest, based on nonsensical lies by unnamed third parties
I am not permitted to know the name of my accuser to meet this madness
in court, and get a decision rendered against the accuser, and then
get them punished for filing false police reports, instead Molly's team
readily took up the phoney police reports, arrested me for Self Harm
despite having no injuries to my hands of any kind, I was arrested
anyway and put in a CAMH HAPPY PRISON, where remarkably,
Michele's team chose not to accept this clear abuse of police power,
I ask that the court comment on this matter, please address it in
your response Adjudicator (or Registrar). In any case i was released
within a few hours by Michele's team, the attempt by Molly's Team was clear,
Shove me in a ward for a month, as my screams of agony and humiliation reached
up to the sky and the heavens, take those statements, and my inability to
attend a zoom hearing, as evidence or cause to dismiss my case,
a dirty tactic Molly, absolutely the bottom of the gutter, the last scrape 
of the barrel, I ask that the Tribunal comment on this matter, as is beyond improper
it is extremely biasing, and failure to address it is evidence the
court is biased against me, to avoid such accusations, please comment
on Molly's powerplay (attempted) as this could easily have resulted
in my suicide, as i am frail from 20 imprisonments in 20 years (approximately)
It represents a reckless disregard for my health and mental well being,
Body cams and squad cams have been requested, we'll see how it goes.

All of my accomodations requests have been ignored,
or placed into the hands via a vote, to the opposition counsel,
three wolves and a sheep voting on what's for dinner.

This makes any decision rendered against me in an unfair hearing
highly reviewable. As this demonstrates profound bias against me (potentially)
by the adjudicator.

From the wording it sounds like I'm already being dismissed before I walk in the door,
but perhaps that's just my reading, let's see what happens.

I also hope ALL MY SUBMISSIONS will be reviewed in full at least once
prior to the hearing, and your decision should be weighted about 
50/50 between my submissions, and my performance before neurotypical courtroom,
which has refused all accommodations, reasonable or complex,
thrown the accommodations requests away without (apparently) reading them,
or put them to a vote, in a hostile courtroom, where i will be denied
a fair hearing therefore.....

I am crawling up the stairs on my hands to get to the hearing,
my family has been thrown away, my home thrown away,
All I have is a rented apartment, and enough money to survive maybe
a few decades, everything I love has been thrown away by CAMH,
and now they get veto power over my accommodations requests?
Why? Do I get to Veto their written submissions, should they have offered any?
Do I get to strike them off the record. How will this decision be weighted?
What weight will be given to my voluminous and extensive submissions,
will they even be read? Will they be thrown away as of little value
compared to a bigoted view of me based on facial expressions, ticks,
nervousness, visible social anxiety, etc, I think you see the problem.

The hearing is structurally biased against my disability.

The hearing is designed to discriminate.

The hearing is designed to throw away my submissions.

All of my requests have been ignored or put to a vote by two corporate
neurotypical counsel, hostile parties, no.
It is not appropriate to put my accommodations request up to a vote
for the opposition counsel.

Any attempt to do so will be met with request for reconsideration,
(though for financial reasons I cannot fight anything to divisional court,
as CAMH impoverishes by design. Thus a blanket denial of justice
for the victims of that system, which uses poverty as it's primary weapon,
as soon as requests for reconsideration started being filed my
SOCIAL SERVICES AND BENEFITS were IMMEDIATELY CUTOFF by ODSP PARKDALE,
as a result I cannot take anything to divisional court, I surmise
this may have actually been the reason the already planned cutoff
was accelerated.)


666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666


PART 3 – Submissions at the Summary Hearing
There is no evidence called at a summary hearing. A summary hearing is an opportunity 
for the parties to make oral submissions to an adjudicator, and for the adjudicator to ask 
any questions they might have, in order to determine whether an application has a 
reasonable prospect of success.
While it is not required or expected, a party may also wish to make written submissions
(i.e., a written argument summarizing the legal principles and how they apply to the 
record and the issues to be raised at the summary hearing) prior to the hearing. If a party 
wishes to make written submissions, they must file those submissions with the HRTO 
and the other parties no later than September 14, 2026. 
If a party wishes the HRTO to consider any case law, they must file a list of cases relied 
on and provide for each listed case the citation and link to the case on the Canadian 
Legal Information Institute (CanLII) website. For any listed case which is not available on 
CanLII, the party must provide a PDF copy. A party must file its list and/or copies of 
cases with the HRTO and the other parties no later than September 14, 2026.
Page 5 of 8
Preliminary Issues
If a party identifies additional preliminary issues that they think should be addressed 
before or at the hearing, they must, by the same deadline set out above, specify these 
issues and explain what they are requesting


PART 4 – Requirements of the Parties and Next Steps
The parties’ responses to this letter must be exchanged and filed by September 14, 
2026. Specifically, 

• As outlined in Part 1 of this letter, the respondent must provide or confirm their 
contact information by this date. 
• As outlined in Part 2 of this letter, a party wishing to express a preference for 
hearing format must do so by this date.
• As outlined in Part 3 of this letter: 
o a party wishing to file written submissions must do so by this date. If the 
HRTO decides that the matter will proceed on the basis of written 
submissions alone, it will send separate correspondence to the parties 
setting deadlines for any further written submissions.
o a party wishing to raise any additional preliminary issues must do so by this 
date.
o a party wishing to rely on or refer to specific cases, but without filing written 
submissions, must provide a list of accurate citations or copies of cases by 
this date.