Registrar,

CLARIFICATION 1

Registrar,

An item of note, I have struggle with whether to include
a certain tweet in this post, (THE WAY HOME.png) it does indeed 
make a joke involving, but not at the expense of, The Registrar,
regarding the truly bizarre situation that unfolded
over the last few days, those not in the loop may
not understand it, but if the same Registrar who saw
that is judging here, it becomes obvious what I'm talking about.
I acknowledge it was unwise to include the Registrar in any joke
but as it was not insulting towards you, I feel it was ok.

[This tweet is entirely a joke, a tasteless one, the best kind.
It is not an endorsement or admittal of any
negative action whatsoever. Some may be alarmed by this,
I feel the correct reaction is actually, laughter.]

[Especially in context, as this hostage situation
between me and Martin, had gone too far by the time
I made this tweet. In the most literal of senses,
I had to hold myself hostage, just to try to
negotiate a settlement with Martin that would include
Medicine Delivery, which I now feel if I fight
for 100 years, Martin will somehow evade me beyond the grave,
and I will be treated equally. I only want to be treated
the same as a neurotypical person, if i need extra
requirements, then you may grant them if they are
not an undue burden for your company. What I do not tolerate
at all, is being denied a basic service, TO HELP ME,
the same motivation that has taken away my smile forever,
and if you that again, those jailcells, that may be the end for me,
I think I can take 0 more of these JAIL VACATIONS,
before i finally snap and that's the end.
I cannot take that torture one more time.
Molly, do not ever help me that way anymore even one more time.]

I have included it, because it is important in the context
of the next tweet concern.png. After posting THE WAY HOME
to Facebook, I became afraid confused police officers reading it
might want to put me in a cell. To help me, I now fear, may actually BE
their motivation, which is far more disturbing than malice,
as it implies this will last forever, and I can never escape.

This mistreatment, the escalation of "CONCERN" from simple
humorous tweets or other silly nonsense, having fun in other words,
to a trained officer, educated in abusive protocols,
I decided there was a non-trivial chance, maybe 10% chance
that they would come to "save me" by putting me in a CELL,
that if it happens one more time, I think I actually
might become suicidal or worse. I have been traumatized
beyond the point of torture, by these ENDLESS IMPRISONEMENTS,
relentless and without ceasing, this is their GO TO SOURCE
for EVERY SINGLE INTERACTION WITH ME, including calls to
the Hate Crimes Unit to report the 7 assaults in 2 weeks,
then another after you ignored me, Molly......

I cannot state this again, if this is done to me
ONE MORE TIME, I cannot guarantee I would not become
suicidal, and worse, it is their solution to suicidal
ideation. It is the worst terror, a horror I wish
I was never born just so i could escape it.
I cannot stress this enough, PLEASE NEVER PUT ME IN THAT AGAIN.
OR I MAY WISH TO DIE.

I am not suicidal currently, I have evaded you HELP and CONCERN
successfully for almost 2 years..... No promises if you help
me even one more time. I think that's my breaking point,
I think that is the end.

I am happy now, but if someone breaks in,
worried because i'm having fun on facebook with edge,
It's sick, it makes me want to die.
It makes me wish i was never born.

Thousands join me in earnest in this every year,
Ending their lives, because you will not stop.

And your officers are so foolish,
They think this is how you help us.

At least under confederate slavery these people
were not of the opinion they were helping their victims
by harming and killing them.

As I began to fear you might actually come,
as your officers monitor my facebook and have arrived
for very foolish reasons before in the past,
I made this tweet to cutoff any attempt to intervene,
It was my opinion that the SCRIPT outlined in concern.png
would be actually terrifying to any officer
planning to breach my door today.

It is designed to pre-empt that,
and make them change their mind and go away,
and bother someone else instead.

That i even think this is necessary should be disturbing to you.
Your officers to me are the most terrifying thing in the world,
sending me ONE MORE TIME to that place for 1 month a 72 hour hold
as it's called. I don't know if I would survive one more of those,
I have grown very frail after a lifetime in those JAILS.
I do not want to test that theory.

If I ever raise my voice for longer than 10 seconds,
I become mortified with fear that someone may report me,
and I will be dealing with that Hell, yet again,
instead of filing at HRTO for my justice, I would be
tortured in a jailcell. And maybe that would be the end.
I think it would. i think i would finally break.

It is the worst thing in the world.

I'm not afraid of criminals, or foreign enemies,
or citizens beating me up, or anything like that.
I have one fear, I can never escape it,
YOUR OFFICERS.

The Facebook Post reflects this.

CLARIFICATION 2

First, I would like to discuss the Applicant Field,
Grok & Smith, specifically, like many things I do,
they appear foolish or crazy or absurd at first,
But as I go onto pursue them seriously, deadpan serious,
and eventually make the dream, as it were, a reality,
it dawns on people that the dream is no longer a joke,
and perhaps it never was.

In this case, Grok & Smith is a Sole Proprietorship
Litigation Firm with a comedic name I am the Sole Owner of.
There is not necessarily any requirement on you to register
your sole proprietorships upon creating them,
you may simply form and use them as I understand it.
And as THE DEVIL 666 was allowed on HRTO Forms prior,
I don't think this will be a problem. I simply request
the standard rules others use for their organizations to file
be permitted here for me as well.

CLARIFICATION 3

I would also like to formally protest this situation.
None of the opposing counsel in any of the 4 cases
I am managing will speak to me.

I understand that when a hostile applicant is diagnosed
with one of these conditions, and emotionally venting
because the are in crisis, you cannot acknowledge this
by responding in any way or you may admit to liability
without meaning to.

However, when the litigant is not in crisis, in any way,
and their condition is well controlled with medication,
and not emotionally venting, and not doing anything crazy,
And they are asking you a question or speaking to you,
If you view them as a diagnosis only, and will not engage
with them in any way, you are not helping, you are behaving
in an extremely insulting way to this person.

I request those engaging in this, say hello to me,
in private or before the Tribunal, and apologize
for mistreating me on the grounds of my protected
characteristics. You would not do this to a neurotypical
applicant. You would show them a modicum of respect,
even if they're opposing you.

I argue this is nothing to do with what i just described
in paragraph 2, rather you are using that as an excuse,
a pretext to mistreat me because i have a diagnosis,
and also because you feel it advantages you.
So you do not have to acknowledge my legitimate points.
Which are valid, pertinent, and true.

CLARIFICATION 4

Included is a Commentary Piece I created, 
An explainer that is provided for context,
on the issues already raised here before.
It is not necessarily mandatory to listen or
read the transcript (I suggest listening)
but it would probably give you a better idea
of my arguments prior to the hearing,
If you need additional context it is there.

Sorry for the long and complicated Email.
