https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FN9YduAcQfU

ok, I'm not listening to those two deepdives because you didn't listen to what he said.
Sargon's position is: "I would prefer living with less money(like my fathers and grandfathers had)
to becoming a hated and despised minority without our own nations."
That is a perfectly reasonable position.
He then clarifies, but you claim this mass migration will result in economic prospering (for other people),
he doesn't concede to that. His position is that mass migration, the strain on social services.
Only 1 out of every 38 jobs going to a native Britisher, that this strain on the system has resulted in economic collapse. His position is we would be wealthier, happier, and more secure in our homes and persons, if we did not have these "guests" leeching all the money and jobs, and then exporting it back to
their home countries.

The question is stupid, it sneaks in economic prosperity as a requirement for mass migration,
completely ignoring the fact that mass migration has brough economic ruin, and their expulsion,
would result in society going back to normal for British people, who have been through too much
hell.

it's like saying, Would you rather have "rape gangs and economic security,
or be poor and free of attacks."

First of all the premise is retarded, the rape gangs don't lead to economic prosperity,
so the question is malformed, and yes, many people would pick ending those rape gangs (expelling them) over ethereal economic gains that are only being seen anyway by these outsiders.

Address that,
Then make your stupid point.
I made two of these deepdives,
You gave both the same title"

"Choosing poverty over diversity"

Well diversity doesn't cause prosperity for anyone except diverse people.
Expelling them would result in economic prosperity for native British people.
But the point he was trying to make was he would pick not being made into
a despised and oppressed minority in his own nation (which they are currently being made into)
over an INCREASE IN GDP, for other people, for the 37 out of 38 new jobs going to foreign scum.