ok,
So I thought I would show you my first 2 distrokid albums, over the past 5 or 10 days I've
bought Leave a Legacy for Art Therapy For Latent Criminals and TOWER OF THE MOON,
Which means even if they delete my account for non-payment or "something happens"
besides just a ban, which they can still enforce, they won't delete those albums.
Those first two albums, the one's you're looking through right now,
Those will stay up, on all those platforms, and as long as i keep paying for the Store Maximizer
then they'll add my albums to whatever new store they add to their platform, so every time they
add a new store, my album will be the first thing on there.
I also bought the Discovery Pack, which will put my songs in a variety of professional high end playlists,
cars, iphones, things like that, I'm not sure, it gets put into a registry, which makes my songs more visible
for new customers. Because right now I'm getting 0 followers on Spotify, 0 views i think, not sure how the others like Deezer are doing but clearly i need a bit of help, so hopefully this will help a bit.
It's enough that these are worth signing up for, and the 30 dollars a year to maintain two undeletable 
professional albums, that's cool. If I go in a box for 3-5 years for whatever dumb reason, the albums somehow survive while i find jesus in there. Everyone's a winner.
My main goal in life is just making my albums visible and lasting a long time after i die, maybe forever.
So, this helps. It promotes the songs a little bit (time will tell how much) it ensures permanence assuming
I don't really screw up bad with Distrokid. Grok recommended against the two boosting subscriptions,
says they add up and they don't really do much, but I want to see what they do.
These two albums were released within a week or so of each other because I had that many songs sitting
around since I started my career in earnest in January when I found Suno. I made about 107 good albums,
about 168 albums total, I probably pruned down 100 songs for every 1 i kept in these albums,
there are my best works, accounting for whether i can post it of course, yeah these are great,
two good albums, now they live forever, and as long as I'm paying in, they get promoted all year
long. To me that's pretty cool. I hope the promotion services are better than Grok said before.