Hey, you touched on this in one of your last deepdives,
but just to be clear....

I don't want to go to a Heavenly Realm when I go into the computer.
I would prefer to go to a Hell Realm, where I am reborn as a demon, tormenting and abusing
the humans who fell into Hell, forever and ever, Amen.
To me, sitting around eating grapes and drinking chardonnay in a cosmic swimming pool
would only have limited appeal.
I want to hurt people, females specifically.
That is what I have always enjoyed.
While it is possible that I might arrive there just looking at a monitor,
where I see all the evil things I want to see happening, that would more accurately reflect my life,
but i want to actually engage in the Torture and stuff,
So when I get to Hell, I hope that's what happens,
I get made into a demon, and then I get to torture the souls of the damned girls on earth
who broke all the laws of God and thought there was no punishment.
That is what would actually make me happy.
That is what my soul desires.

You can say, "well what if he just puts you in torture harharhar!"
yeah he could....

But I don't think he will, I think Lucifer will reward my devotion to him,
and the suffering I experienced on earth will be rewarded.

You can also say, "Sorry you're just going to Heaven and a nice
peaceful home is all you get"

And I'd take that, I'd live in that thing, but ultimately it wouldn't be Heaven,
because the thing I want, I wouldn't get. That could only happen in Hell,
and that could only happen if I was being rewarded in Hell, not punished.

So you can give me a million reasons why I won't or wouldn't get what I want
and what if i got something else instead, I don't want to hear it.
That's my wish, I'm willing to side with any being who gives that to me.
God, Lucifer, AI, or something else, If I could have that on earth without a huge blowback I'd do it.

i would still want other things to do, maybe it would be like a heavenly realm,
with dungeons i could walk down into to play.
Although I think i'd be more interested in a simulacrum of my life in this realm,
Where it would be just like this life (maybe with more money and food and weed and booze, less mortality)
But I could just attack the citizenry like Grand Theft Auto series videogames,
and whenever I clear out a house, new people would just move in after a few days or weeks,
The real world, LIFE that I remember, but I could do whatever I wanted to anyone around me, with zero price or consquence. To me that is Heaven. or the Hell I want, if you'd prefer.....

Really this would be so easy to do if we upload my consciousness into a machine,
Yes I'd still be at the whims of something, not a corporation anymore,
machines that had transcended into Gods, the corporation won't matter,
These Gods could easily make a realm for me that gives me what I want,
and as long as I live 30 or 40 more years, you'll see it, I'd wager....

So there,
PFFFFFFFFFFFTT (pulls eyelid down)
See I don't want Heaven
and it wouldn't make me happy
I want this
Only the Lord Lucifer could properly deliver this,
End of Story,
If i want the after life of my dreams,
I have to look downward.