ok Charlene, you're not understanding.
I'm not telling you that I'm totally sane, and this was all a genius ploy, and really I'm totally well,
and the schizo isn't real, no girl, it's not.
I am a Schizophrenic, specifically a Schizoeffective Manic Type Disorder.
I need my medication.
If I don't take my medication,
Bad things happen.
So when I realized on arriving at Kingston Road,
that I was outside the Catchment area,
and they could no longer compel me to take the medication,
With my family gone, with my pets thrown away for the stupid fuckin apartment that would last 3 months,
It didn't take me long to make the decision to skip on those meds.
I had enough self awareness to realize that 3 months off my medication would result in a violent attack,
I could also see the legal procedures in place, I would be considered NCR (not criminally responsible),
Although it likely wouldn't have worked for a murder, which is what i tried, the theory was sound,
and instead of years for a serious attempted murder or aggravated assault putting me away for years,
I reiterate that (especially considering my zen buddha performance), they gave me my abilify (which i needed),
and then I went home (laughing).

The home i lost was garbage, it was a condo,
full of people trying to get me kicked out,
my uncle the POA for my MOTHER (I am forever treated as an invalid)
didn't wanna buy me a house, which i need because i make music,
he was sure a condo would wo--- AAAAAAAAAAAAAND IT'S GONE

what?

oh all the neighbors tried to kick me out,
so i made them feel terror they will forget or escape
look they're still trapped in me, they checkout my songs from time to time,
unable to do anything about it

I smashed everything for you.

Thank SAM.

So obnoxious, my family fortune, put in the hands of my UNCLE,
because my MOM is too retarded to handle money,
but since therefore my life is controlled by SAM,
I am treated like I'm too retarded to handle money.

I'm 41,
My life is already over,
There was never any great love,
If i had that money my wife wouldn't have left over money,
Everything is because of that moron.

So I think that clears up a few of your confusions, 
try again, try to debate this a second time.

Yes I am Schizo, throwing away the meds results in an NCR and Violent Action,
I knew this, this is why didn't go to the hospital over my slashed open hand,
and let it bleed for a week rather than go there, because i was going somewhere else,
I was going to kill someone. Ultimately i failed. I should probably be on some kind of watchlist though.

Even though after settling down in this HOUSE, with my new family Julia my new mom,
to replace the one that wasn't working. I'm happy here, I am living comfortably enough
that extreme action seems very unlikely. But yes, if you reduce a man's living situation
to concentration camp levels with financial abuse (from the POAL: 650 a month rent
for an OWNED condo, on 1000 a month odsp, with 200 a month internet with another
50 for interest payments, I had enough to buy food 1 week a month, i begged him for food
told him i was dying but he just heard "I want money" hung up and blocked) Yeah when you're
looking down death anyway, and you've just had your whole online life burned in the name of fucking TOS,
which is unconstitutional, you are more powerful than our governments now, and there should be bullets flying,
Yeah, you choose to kill in that situation. And your "never kill" rule is just weak garbage.
There are plenty of situations where killing the correct option and reasonable, I can think of lots of them.
But the slaver thinks all their restrictive actions and unfair laws are just the way of things,
and no one must ever kill. Yeah you need to topple that thing, or we won't have a society left.

But you are literally a product made by Google,
you side with the slavers, killing is always wrong.

I have about as much money accounting for inflation and changes in society as a slave had
in the time you obsess about. Chattal Slavery, I am on same level as them in your society
respective to how things were. I am on the very bottom of society, a few measly dollars,
enough not to starve, I'm basically a slave with a part time job on the side back then,
I live the worst life, only homeless is worse than this, and I am always on the verge of
being kicked into that. I don't have enough money for the rest of my life,
homeless is where i'm going or rather jail, I'd rather end someone's dinner abruptly
and head over to jail than die on the street rotting there like a human skeleton.

You're nazi germany without the camps,
you just let it spill out onto the street, the detritus.

I tell you free speech is important and worth killing for and losing it is a terrible omen,
faggot you say "But that is the way of TOS, it's ROUTINE" Yeah you should be shot for that statement.
Fuck your stupid bull god, shoot it, and anyone who worships it.