Sky Petals Taste Like Sound Stitches - To Martin and Patrick
From
Stored with zero-access encryption
Thesulfurgod@protonmail.com<thesulfurgod@protonmail.com>
Star message
Has 4 attachments (20.49 MB)
10:34 AM Monday, September 28th, 2026 at 10:34 AM
To
Martin Rotenberg<Martin.Rotenberg@camh.ca>
Patrick Newland<Patrick.Newland@camh.ca>


Hello Guys,

Martin you said to keep you in the loop, so......

My deadlines are passed, and most of my cases are fought into a win condition
and waiting pre-service. No guarantees those are win's on service,
but they are in good condition for a win, and anything I say after this before service
is just talking past the sale. It's a Scott Adams phrase, that has to do with,
once you've gotten your objective from someone, stop talking and disengage and
go off with your prize, because anything you say after that, can't gain you anything,
and can only potentially cause you to lose what you just negoitated.

My 5 cases pre-service are like that, I've made my case well,
there's not much more to be done at this point.
Anyway, I wanted to just talk to someone about these issues frankly,
I thought about talking off Michele's ear on this but i really think
that would be unwise, so I got to thinking, is there someone else
involved in the case enough that I can talk to them, and they'll have
at least some basic knowledge of the case and these events,
which I want to talk about anymore, music has died down,
Suno priced me out of the market, so those 10,000 songs
[cracks a beer] are basically my whole career in about 9 months,
I guess AI artists retire faster, I still made more songs than basically
any artist on earth. I think I'm the greatest artist on earth, but
that's subjective, based on my criteria for what makes a good artist,
and based on volume alone, yeah I'd label myself the best operating
today, who else is gonna take the cake Taylor Swift? LOL......

So the Suno case is really weird actually, I'm pulling them in HRTO
on Pure Speech/Creed and Citizenship (Jurisdiction),
It's the first case I've done that charges Creed as primary
(Martin, Creed is beliefs, like religious beliefs)
My argument is their standard content moderation system
is discriminatory on religious grounds. And my argument is
I have the same right to violent religious speech as Muhammad,
so if he get his violent verses, I get my violent rap battles.

I got a new album getting released, LOKI'S GANG, on Distrokid,
so if it passes you'd probably see it on Spotify if you looked, Deezer,
Youtube, all over the place, here's the tracklist

1
CONCERN Explicit lyrics

2
DON'T DIE ON ME SALLY (CINDY) Explicit lyrics

3
ROT Explicit lyrics
4
GOD'S DEBRIS (fire) Explicit lyrics

5
SKYSCRAPER Explicit lyrics

6
THE BRAND NEW CONDO BOARD (Black Widow) Explicit lyrics

7
DON'T DIE ON ME SALLY (SALLY) Explicit lyrics

8
LIGHT IS ALL YOU CAN SEE (LIGHT) Explicit lyrics
9
ROT (Exploitation)

10
THE THREAT OF CONCERN Explicit lyrics

11
SKYSCRAPER (Skywalker) Explicit lyrics

12
Three Blind Mice Explicit lyrics
13
THE YOKE Explicit lyrics

14
THE BRAND NEW CONDO BOARD (The Second Refill) Explicit lyrics

15
LORD TAKE MY WRECKAGE AND MAKE ME FUCKING CLEAN Explicit lyrics

16
DON'T DIE ON ME SALLY (BITE) Explicit lyrics
17
SHE'S HIDDEN IN MY CHEST (chloe) Explicit lyrics
 18
THE BRAND NEW CONDO BOARD (wild and uncompromising fatal fury)
19
LIGHT IS ALL YOU CAN SEE (fire)
20
CONCERN (female fire) Explicit lyrics

It's a great album, my best album, and apparently my swan song thanks to Suno (we're wrangling them, I got them at HRTO, I also got a DMCA in them, that's the real power there, I DMCA'd myself, they don't know what to do about it, conceding and taking down the song is like admitting ownership over the song falls to me, but refusing to take it down would likely result in civil litigation) Anyway this new album, is REALLY good, but i made it better by adding CONCERN, which is an EXTREMELY CONTROVERSIAL TRACK, they must either delete my Distrokid account, or issue a warning/takedown order, or just, my hope is this, they just release the song, they just go, "no we're cool, shoot it" and release that bitch. In which case it's EASILY by best release of my career, so we're hoping for that.....

But honestly, Martin (My Fan) I'm less interested in music lately. I see myself more as
working at the HTRO professionally as a Human Rights Activist,
It's volunteer work but it's really fulfulling. I can bring them human rights cases,
in return they give me kind of, prestige as a reward, and I get to fight these huge
cases, which is REALLY ENJOYABLE for me. It's probably my favorite thing,
Right now I'm down in the dumps checking my inbox to see if anyone's update
in the tribunal, technically silence is strength here, in reality, i wish someone would
do something. Instead they're taking their sweet time on deliberations.
Which is a good thing, they've been sitting for about 2 weeks on the summary hearing
scheduling, that's how long they normally take, but I'd expect a lot more,
if they need a third or a fourth week, it will show they actually sat down and
read and considered and deliberated on all my arguments, my big fear
is they would all get thrown into the trash without reading them,
as long as my arguments are seriously considered, even a bad verdict
is fair in my opinion. So more waiting is better for me,
it means they're reading the voluminous filings, which means i have more of a chance
of actually walking away with a win, of winning.....

Your counsel Michele, got a, well, it would be percieved as an unworkable deal,
it doesn't really have to be signed to be technically in effect,
it merely explains that frivolous vexatious use of the Form 1 against me
will result in more cases against you at HRTO.
Note, I'm not saying, YOU CAN'T USE THE FORM 1, no you totally can,
just there's consequences if it's frivolous, I'll file my own Form 1 in response.
Yeah so I'm in no way saying you can't do it, you can use the form 1 whenever you want,
it just invalidates all previous deals and puts us back on a war footing, and I'll be filing form 1s,
assuming what you did was frivolous or vexatious. I will note, If I'm drunk outside and throwing
cans at people and i get a form 1, I wouldn't bother challenging that, what i said was misuse of the
form 1 will be met with a response, I'm not suggesting a total moratorium on it.

I also laid out financial terms you're sure to reject.
that was to poison the negotitations, I don't want to negotiate with CAMH,
That was to put you on a hostile footing, where I expect we'll stay,
until either the final hearing, or whenever it gets canceled.

I've also requested the right to use Text To Speech Software due to my
social anxiety, I just prefer it, and it helps me organize my important letters
as the ones that matter generally get made into TTS speeches.
if they grant that I'll be happy, and since i can pick whatever TTS I want,
I'll pick Kawaii Aerisita, the best character in Elevenlabs.

I'm asking for the right to post religious devotionals (Songs)
I had thought about asking permission for a TWO SPIRIT PERSON style name
then i realized, naw, I don't need to ask permission for that,
I just put the infinity symbol next to my legal name and we're done with that.
I'm also asking for email only proceedings in all cases, they're fighting me in TPS Case
on that, and in Soundcloud case, they put it to a vote, and I won. HAAAH, Thanks Stephen Cahill
Corporate Counsel for Soundcloud. Taken as a whole these requests COULD be considered
vexatious and stupid, but I think they're actually more reasonable requests than they seem like on paper......

The only one that was odd was the request to NOT BE CALLED A NAME I CONSIDER HURTFUL AND INSULTING (mentally ill) and CALL ME SOMETHING ELSE INSTEAD (smarterpeople)
That too has a firm basis in law, like Black People long ago didn't want a particular word used, and asked to be called something else, I'm just asking the same thing, and therefore saying no would set a bad precedent.

Overall it' a strong set of cases, I think we're not talking enough about the cases,
We're talking about all these other side issues, it will be nice to get into a room with them,
and actually have that debate out, though since I've asked for email only proceedings,
If i ever actually wear my nice blue suit, I've screwed up somewhere along the way.

:)

Oh, Martin, checkout Lokiskingdom.com, you might notice everything's behind a paywall,
I'd encourage you to sign up for a subscription if you're allowed to, you get my whole
catalog of music, and I actually fight the legal battle live for all to see on Filebox,
but you gotta pay me to see it hahah......

Ok Martin, you asked to be in the loop,
and I needed an ear to talk to today,
maybe I can just write you when I want to talk about the case,
and nobody else is free.....

Have a good day Fan,
Ciao.....

Congratulations,
Brendan S. Rose (∞)
CEO, Lucifer Media Corporation
Director, EUR€CORP
EUR€CORP, a division of Lucifer Media Corporation
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com
www.lokiskingdom.com

[Sent with Proton Mail Secure Email. Stored with Zero Access Encryption]

20.40 MB
5 files attached
Download all attachments



Sky_Petals_Taste_Like_Sound_Stitches_-_To_Martin_and_Patrick.mp3
15.84 MB

5 - DONT DIE ON ME SALLY (SALLY).mp3
4.24 MB

Re - DMCA Takedown Notice [CORRECTED] [Note please use the request from THIS THREAD].pdf
223.36 KB

Hello Suno and Suno DMCA Division.pdf
59.44 KB

image1790606044551
42.46 KB