Ok, so my Song Archive, VALHALLA, has finished uploading. You said it was 1.6 TB but i thought it was 1.06 TB, either way, that's a lotta bytes. It consists of all my copyright illegal songs, which span from roughly 2018(maybe 2016) to 2024 April, give or take a few. At that point I gave up music and became a game designer, briefly, I put out my one big game LUCIFERIANISM, made in Unreal Engine 5.4, I feel it is one of the best games ever made, but you have to explore the world, learn about it, get to see just how big that world is, before it sinks i how good of a game it really is....

Since making that game, released on STEAM (summer) and EPIC GAMES (february) in 2025,
I switch the Suno for making music, and I made about 9000 songs, based on about 150 originally written
songs, maybe a bit more. They're really the crown jewels of my collection, there's about 40-60 GB of pure
mp3's, not cluttered up with videos like this archive is so burdened with (yeah a lot of that space is videos)
and I have the honor of finally being copyright legal on my songs.

The OHRC is investigating my lawsuit at HRTO against the police, and shoppers drug mart.
I'm also suing Soundcloud Separately, so although they cannot confirm they have viewed them,
the OHRC has been given access to this archive, as well as my judicial review main office area
where i fight the case from within my Protondrive, it's visible for the OHRC to follow along with
what I'm doing, if they want they can watch the case play out in real time. I also gave access keys
to @Kiwithesmol aka @Kiwi_sunset, an egirl I've been following since at least 2021, earlier i think,
she is 24. She was well known for breaking into the egirl scene by cosplaying as ShoeonHead,
who I rapidly lost interest in in favor of Kiwi. So if the girl of my dreams wants to, she can see
the archive, she's invited into judicial review, she can see me fight the case, she access to
to access key room, with all the other archives keys. She may or may not be here,
the OHRC may or may not be here, I haven't told anyone but Styxhexenhammer666 is probably
or at least maybe here, my friend Oleksiy is here, and an archivist buddy who was happy to get
access to a music archive before, well LEE GARDINER is here, if he wants to, we can't actually confirm
if everybody is in the room, or nobody, and nobody in the room knows who else is in the room,
but i really got my fingers crossed on the OHRC being there. My big hope is maybe they will
backup VALHALLA on government servers as relevant to their investigation, and maybe others.

So it's a fun room, I don't intend to invite anyone else,
We have the entire VALHALLA archive, with has to be, thousands upon thousands of songs,
not AI either, before Ai was a thing, copyright illegal, but among myself and close friends,
You can break copyright law in Switzerland, as long as you don't distribute the links,
so protondrive probably won't crack down, and i have everything i ever was, a terabyte of data,
available on my PHONE, of all things, and I have the 9000 holy mechanical angels songs with no penis
that Suno helped me create, that's a holy archive all in itself, I'll send you the filelist for that too later,
but for now it's just this, there's also the Sam Suttle Dossier, where you can see the horror at kingston road,
in all it's bloody mess of glory, it looks like a scene out of a horror movie, and I'm covered in my own blood,
doing self depricating comedy routines, while nearing death, the walls covered in my blood. bloody handprints everywhere. So if people use that access key, they can get in there. If they want they can also share access keys
without giving access to judicial review main headquarters, so they can send you to an album room, without granting access to everything else.....

It's fun!