Sorry, you weren't understanding, I'm not manufacturing a loss to get it overturned.
I'm saying I'm not going to get a fair trial, it's a tactic to mitigate damage from a likely impending loss,
And I do not compromise on Accommodations. Soundcloud is about accommodations, if i bend here, i have no case there. TPS / CAMH is about accommodations, if i bend there, i lose the case.
The point of a bad binary is that the good decision, should be rendered, the bad decision, is damaging to our rights under the code, the "trick" is to place many of these decisions before the Adjudicator before he issues his bad ruling, then i can challenge it. In all those cases the positive request SHOULD be granted, it is the correct legal decision, you only choose the bad end of the binary if you're biased against me, because you're deliberately choosing a damaging ruling on civil rights, in order to say no to me, your actual goal. Because saying yes to me, on any issue is of course completely unthinkable, because you're biased against me. I'm not in a fair hearing, I'm in a hearing scheduled for a loss in advance at Summary, because the game is rigged against me, in a situation like that, i give them 9 bad binaries, which you say is manufacturing a loss, no the point of a bad binary is legally he should pick the good decision for me, you only wince and take the bad route, if your goal is a biased decision against me at any cost. Put 9 of those in front of them, that should be 9 rulings in my favor, on my way to a hasty fair trial. [If I do the zoom call willingly i should just call soundcloud and say man, accommodations were stupid anyway, I'm withdrawing it 4 U dude!] Instead, if they're biased, and only if they're biased, the biased judge has just made not 1 bad ruling to stop me, they have made 9, followed by a dismissal, without addressing my arguements in any way, in a specious corrupt decision, designed to protect camh from this lawsuit, because the pharmaceutical industry has more money than Canada. The bad binary is so much more complicated than, manufacturing a loss to complain about, it's a kicking and screaming tactic, using a field of landmines, in order to protest an unfair impending loss, and buffer your case at divisional court, which i fully expect will deny me justice for the same reason, as well as email accommodations. The whole case is about accommodations, no I'm not happily accepting a Zoom call (though I will do fine in one).

SEE: This discourse on Bad Binaries:
OK GUYS, PLEASE REVIEW - "Bad Binaries"
THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTS FILED TODAY AND THIS MORNING:

-Subject- HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I - Brendan S Rose - Requesting Comment From The Registrar on Volume.pdf

-Form 10 - Requesting the Registrar Comment on Volume.pdf

-Cover Letter - Request for Reconsideration 1.pdf

-HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I FORM 20 - Request for Reconsideration 1.pdf

AND THE REGISTRAR'S RESPONSE (so far):

-2026-67461-I Form 1 (1).pdf

-2026-67461-I Summary Hearing Will Be Held (1).pdf

PEACE EHATS AND IHORS!!!
-Brendan Rose (LMC)

OK I'M GOING QUIET NOW
ANYTHING I SAY AFTER THIS WILL DAMAGE MY CASE MORE.....

Yeah um,
i'm just gonna tell you what I'm doing here because you really don't get it
First the adjudicator didn't tell me to stop sending unsolicited communications and instead got a flood of them. He ordered me to stop communicating 3 months ago and write a 5 page document (they have still not ruled on). I filed the document that day and I waited. I did not send any further communications until the next phase of the proceedings.

Then, they didn't give me a page count, I took that as a tacit nod that I could send as many communications as i wish prior to the proceedings, i thought this was the accommodation.
I don't get my email hearings (probably) and so instead, I get to make as many arguments
as I want before the hearing (my disability accommodation in this matter) and then at the hearing
where I am disadvantaged, that would be balanced by the fact my filing would be in the record, and would
be considered in addition to the results of the hearing (purportedly stacked against me) in the final decision, thus balancing things and accommodating my disability....

Now the issue of accommodations and page count email amount caps, etc, (all very odd and restrictive measures that should not generally be applied unless absolutely necessary, which this isn't
just read my filings, how about an extension of time to read them, they're valid arguments- Accommodations in other words which the deepdive appears to be slapping down as mattering or relevant in this matter, which is actually ALL about accommodations, or the lack thereof, and discrimination in public services and big online platforms, against my disability- refusal to accommodate, the main issue in TPS, the main issue in Soundcloud, the main issue in CAMH, the main issue in Judicial Review when I overturn what will almost ce