Stephen,

Additionally, the Registrar and Adjudicator are now determining (or i have requested they determined and render a judgment) on the status of my accommodations request for Email Only Proceedings. The Registrar has been requested comment on the issues raised in two emails:

A) 	Subject: HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I - Brendan S.
	Rose – Form 10 - Requesting Comment From The Registrar and A Ruling
	from the Adjudicator
B) 	Subject: HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I - Brendan S.
	Rose – Regarding the Pending Decision on Email Only Accommodations

In advance of the Summary Hearing to be Scheduled after the September 14th Deadline
for Submissions, you are not required to present a defense at this time until the hearing has determined the issue of "no reasonable prospect", which i feel i have
defeated soundly, I will note, and please confirm this before you act,
The Registrar did not make it a requirement on you not to submit a defense, you are just not required to, I don't think there's anything preventing you from filing one if you want.

Although you must confirm this with the Registrar as I cannot be sure based on the wording.

In any case on the issue of Email Only Proceedings, an accommodation I am requesting so I am not disadvantaged in the courtroom due to my disability presentation, and so I may fight the case in the manner that best lets me participate in the proceedings. I have been invited to make arguments in favor of this accommodation and I have laid them out in the emails above, again please clear this with the Registrar before submitting but I think this open to you as well, from the wording. I may be mistaken, my apologies.

2026-67461-I Summary Hearing Will Be Held.pdf :

"Under Rule 8 of the HRTO’s Rules of Procedure (the “Rules”) a respondent is required
to file a Form 2 (Response) to an Application within 35 days. However, because of the
preliminary issue raised in this letter, the HRTO is waiving the requirement that
the respondent file a Response at this time. The respondent will be required to file
a Response only if the Application is not dismissed following the summary
hearing."

In my communications, I invited the other parties to comment on their opinion on the Email Only Accommodations request, a YES or NO, + your reasoning. I think you are free to if you wish, this would give the Registrar more information about who is or isn't in favor of the proposition, then on the balance of your arguments and mine, the adjudicator will render a decision (if my FORM 10 request is granted).

I would also invite you to submit a formal defense if you wish in advance of the September 14th Deadline for Submissions, so that you are not unfairly disadvantaged by by being unable to present a defense in advance of the hearing.

I invite you to vote to permit my accommodation request.
As it would allow me to participate fairly, and would not unduly burden you,
but your arguments or perhaps silence on the topic are noted either way.

Thank you,

Regards,
Brendan S. Rose
CEO - Lucifer Media Corporation
Self-Represented Applicant
HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com