Stop calling my corporation a Delusion. I am federally incorporated.
I don't "identify" as the CEO of Lucifer Media Corporation,
I AM the CEO of Lucifer Media Corporation.

I guess the next hurdle before you stop calling everything I do a delusion is,
I guess you'll want our books, so you can look over quarterly profits,
I mean it's not really that kind of corporation, it's designed to hold my IP's,
So they can be passed down to my successor one day,
It's more of a religious organization behind a corporate shell (SEE: The Church of Satan, Anton Lavey).

There was a young woman who seemed interested in me, she was i would guess 35-43,
she wanted me to do a bunch of laundry with her when the place was probably closed, said no,
she was shocked!

After years of people telling me i deserve only hate and abuse because of who i am,
at the 11th hour, here's this person. No, I, everyone told me i was worthless and i deserve nothing,
so I got used to the idea of being alone, and I started to like it, and that fake fireplace and the
glass of cognac alone at 65, that's looking more and more like heaven to me.

I know it's the right decision, but you know, society, the world says, you need another person to be happy. I've always found it's the opposite, so no i guess, but i'm leaving the door open, which probably wouldn't even work anyway.....

There was this beautiful 19 year old granddaughter of Julia my landlord/adoptive mom, named Anya.
I really like-- no she was mean, i was attracted to her, i didn't like her, horrible person.....
Anyway she was just gone one day, Julia told me she went to a man with "A good job"
so transactional, like buying a cow. And the implication is i got no good job (I've achieved great things)
So I deserve nothing, ok..... fine, so i deserve nothing, well I'm starting to like nothing, but then here's this person...... And I guess this is what I'm expected deserve and fall over myself in joy i got at all, and i'm thinking being alone makes more sense. When Julia dies I'll hire a maid.

Certificate of Incorporation
Canada Business Corporations Act Loi canadienne sur les sociétés par actions
Certificat de constitution
Lucifer Media Corporation
1805541-6
Corporate name / Dénomination sociale
Corporation number / Numéro de société
Hantz Prosper
Date of Incorporation (YYYY-MM-DD)
Date de constitution (AAAA-MM-JJ)
Director / Directeur
2026-06-30
JE CERTIFIE que la société susmentionnée, dont
les statuts constitutifs sont joints, est constituée
en vertu de la Loi canadienne sur les sociétés par
actions.
I HEREBY CERTIFY that the above-named
corporation, the articles of incorporation of which
are attached, is incorporated under the Canada
Business Corporations Act.
Form 1
Articles of Incorporation
Canada Business Corporations
Act (s. 6)
Formulaire 1
Statuts constitutifs
Loi canadienne sur les sociétés
par actions (art. 6)
Lucifer Media Corporation
ON
Min. 1 Max. 10
The corporation is authorized to issue an unlimited number of common shares.
See attached schedule / Voir l'annexe ci-jointe
None
See attached schedule / Voir l'annexe ci-jointe
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
Corporate name
Dénomination sociale
The province or territory in Canada where the registered office is situated
La province ou le territoire au Canada où est situé le siège social
The classes and any maximum number of shares that the corporation is authorized to issue
Catégories et le nombre maximal d’actions que la société est autorisée à émettre
Restrictions on share transfers
Restrictions sur le transfert des actions
Minimum and maximum number of directors
Nombre minimal et maximal d’administrateurs
Restrictions on the business the corporation may carry on
Limites imposées à l’activité commerciale de la société
Other Provisions
Autres dispositions
Incorporator’s Declaration: I hereby certify that I am authorized to sign and submit this form.
Déclaration des fondateurs : J’atteste que je suis autorisé à signer et à soumettre le présent formulaire.
Name(s) - Nom(s) Original Signed by - Original signé par
BRENDAN ROSE
BRENDAN ROSE
BRENDAN ROSE
Misrepresentation constitutes an offence and, on summary conviction, a person is liable to a fine not exceeding $5000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or both (subsection
250(1) of the CBCA).
You are providing information required by the CBCA. Note that both the CBCA and the Privacy Act allow this information to be disclosed to the public. It will be stored in personal information
bank number IC/PPU-049.

RESTRICTIONS ON SECURITIES TRANSFER: 