This is Styx's last video before he locked himself out of his Youtube account:

Joined Nov 28, 2008
489K subscribers
12,022 videos
507,670,831 views

He's an OG, he's been on youtube almost as long as I have (2007),
and this guy's been my ghost the entire time. I've listened to him nonstop
for the last 18 years.....

Recently he made a point about getting locked out of his youtube account (again!).
Basically, because he's a a big account, with hundreds of thousands of subscribers,
he needed a security method that was safer, so he used a paper code, in a locked safe.
Instead of two step verification with a backup email and an authenticator and a link
to his mobile phone, and a variety of other security measures, he went paper code in a safe.

He got locked out a few months ago,
complained to TeamYoutube, got his account back,
now he's locked out again, complaining that he'll give up youtube
if TeamYoutube doesn't let him back into his account, predicting the company
will fail.....

So his last video is the Epicurian ideal, a very interesting topic to end on,
a video about living with less. Learning to love having less, learning to be happy with less,
not chasing the most expensive meals, not demanding the most prestigious lodgings,
having less and being happy. Having a bowl to carry water in, only to realize, you can
bundle your hands like a bowl, and then you don't even need that. Epicurious.

To me that's just painful deprivation.
People need things, acquiring things is what makes people truly happy,
having a good home, with a computer, and a monitor, and everything you need
to have fun, and especially lots of food and other things, AC, air conditioning,
all these things, accumulate, to make a happy person, with few problems.
making up problems, because they have none..... that is what it is to be happy,
the pursuit of material gain, IS what makes people happy. The trick is to maximize 
the gain while minimizing or eliminating the work, so you can focus on philosophy,
or art. When your needs are met you can pursue intellectual tasks......

But Styx, mentioned this before he went. Before he pretended he was getting locked out
based on the safe thing only true fans would remember from ages ago,
he locks us out on The Epicurian Ideal. Clearly there is something important to learn here,
I'm not sure what it is, but it is.