Tell me what you think of BRENDAN ROSE AND THE BIG BLUE SUIT.
I'm planning to go silent, as a flex, and just study this book for the next 20 days or so,
So we'll be asking that a lot,
They'll expect to dismiss it all as a filbuster of garbage, I'm hoping if i study a lot,
especially the supreme court precedent and other court breakdown,
I am convinced i will carry the day,
But even if i lose the summary hearing in person,
They will then take my emails into account I win. Before even walking in the door,
I can botch the Summary Hearing and I've already won handily.

DEEPDIVE 2:
You didn't understand, I wasn't saying I'm going to stay silent in the damn
Summary Hearing, who do you think I am? What I'm saying is the judge has stated
I can submit my arguments prior to the hearing (thus accommodating me) while
also having the hearing, and both will be considered. I'm not planning to go silent
in the hearing that's CRAZY. No I'll talk, I'll do good, not nearly as good as i would do
with my disability accommodation. They either tie the neurotypical corporate lawyers
hand behind their back, or they tie mine behind my back, they're thinking to tie mine,
to make it fair for neurotypical people. To judge you based on awkwardness and 
weird mannerisms, which i despise. As neurotypical people always do.

Now you need to stop being foolish, 
Maaam, what I meant when i said, GO SILENT, was that I was happy with my 590 pages
of filings, and i feel i can make my case with them, I feel like I'm at an advantage,
so no further filings are intelligent to post at this time.
Have you ever even heard of a lawyer before?
Yes, going silent on Emails is a flex.
It's saying, I'm so confident in my case, I don't need to add anything,
I need you to think and deliberate on what's here.
Going silent when you're winning, extends the win, makes it perpetual,
that's how i got past that first round, by making a good case,
shutting up and waiting. To a lawyer, that person is either delusional,
or they have a strong case and you should be afraid, I do.
If the judge somehow misunderstood that and did a hasty ruling that didn't involve
any of my arguments because I made a large amount of arguments when 
I'm up against 3 law firms at the same time, each worth billions....
Yeah, I'll do my five page submission, my ass! I'm stopping at 590 
because I think it's a good case, against Soundcloud, it might not be enough,
against TPS, might not be enough, CAMH, yeah probably not enough,
but I'll be held to a different standard for a normal corporation,
I'm acting as my own corporate lawyer, I am launching a significant
complex non-trivial suit that will require a lot of money to defend.
I am not going to botch the case by underpreparing just to make you
feel comfortable with my illness, by pigeonholing myself into
a stereotype of the loser you think I am.
No I'm Suing Soundcloud, and 2 other billion dollar law firms,
I am putting a litigation book on the ground and we're gonna discus it.

Stopping when you're winning, is not bad strategy maaam, it's lawyer 101.
At the hearing I will kickass and chew bubblegum......

And I'm all outta gum.

[note: I can still reply to direct emails to me, and respond to the situation, it means i go silent for new materials]

DEEPDIVE 3:
What the Hell? Why not explain my strategy to you.
So you might not have noticed this but I assure you the Ajudicator definitely has.
I have made a number of pertinent and valid requests, about 8 or 9 or more of them.
So far the adjudicator threw out my race arguments, this could be considered unfair to me.
The Adjudicator, did not at this time approve adding CAMH to the ticket (I have requested
directly to add CAMH and Martin and they will deliberate on it in silence please.)
This could be seen as unfair to me. I have asked to consolidate the two cases,
as they are intimately intertangled due to Martin's interference in Soundcloud.
This could be seen as unfair to me if denied. I have filed my 590 page litigation book
in preparation for my Corporate Lawsuit against the Titantic Soundcloud Corporation,
the industry leader in music streaming, (I'm not suing Denny's) and two other law firms
worth billions. They want me to walk in with a postit note, lose and go away.
That I am giving a defense scaled correctly (I hope) to the size of the Opponent's law firm.
I suppose it's possible I haven't done enough, but i thought a short tight document like this
would do, and i could parse it as a human, unlike the 3000 pages I'll probably need against
Soundcloud. They have a stereotype about a mentally ill stupid self rep who can't do anything
and he files 5 pages thinking he will win, and loses, and they pat him on the back and say
good try, better luck next time. What they will probably be aghast at, is me bringing something
appropriate to the size of the fight, they'll call it vexacious by default because they
have to read, and take the case seriously, instead of just dismissing me, their plan.
If the judge throws out my entire legal defense, because i brought an appropriate sized
defense to Soundcloud, along with my Supreme Court Precedent and Analysis.
That could be seen as unfair to me. If they ban and destroy my case dismissing it,
because Scott Adams was mentioned (he's relevant, can i not mention a cultural figure?
We argue about scott adams at divisional court, i win the arguement he's not racist, check the transcript, it's overturned in divisional court, especially because the judge denied me 
accommodations, denied written hearings to advantage the neurotypical....) Do you see now?
A whiff of my strategy? No I'm not stupid at all, [points to the battlefield] you see that?
You see that mine there? And then just to the side? There's another mine there.
And just over there, off behind that old refrigerator, there's a mine there,
The mines have been replaced with nukes.

Surprise.

This is a case of a out of control judge, bigoted against the concept of accomodations.
He denies me accomodations to have written only hearings, instead substituting
neurotypical friendly hearings, with me permitted to file my written arguments
beforehand. I file my written arguments, the case is dismissed.

I appeal.

I take it to divisional court.

I get it overturned.

I come back and win, the full consolidated case.

Amselem lost the first round too, he got it overturned.