this is so dumb,
you keep pointing out the 50 dollars,
the point of that is not that I'm broke and desperate,
the point of that is i have a safety net that will even account for some extra spending
at the end of the month
Rent covered, Food Covered, Good Home Happy Home, 500 bucks spending money a month most months,
That's living very well, and I am still on good enough terms with my uncle that i can reliably spend a bit more this month and be sure he'll cover the extra 50.
It's not me desperate in need, begging him for money for fucks sake,
it's I have a good setup that my uncle just hands me 50's randomly if i need them.
Where is the financial disaster here?
Where is the struggling man who is begging for money. No I'm rich, I spent all my money, then i spent extra, and they gave me more.....
different.
could have cared for my kid.
Whether I'd be a good father or not is anyone's call,
I think I wasn't such a bad guy back then,
I think there was enough good in me that I could have raised a son.
My family was all set to pay for all our expenses, food, baby stuff, rent, everything,
Was gonna be covered, and we were supposed to move into a home,
I ended up being a condo i totaled because i was so sad I'd lost my family,
but, like, the plan was there, it was a solid financial plan,
a fully purchased owned home for the family to live in,
All of the food, rent, baby stuff, gas etc, paid for by Uncle Sam,
My son could live a good life like that,
and I could have showed him all the videogames i bought for him to play.
Yeah that part hurts maybe.

But don't portray this as a broke, worthless guy,
I am doing way better than most.
There are people who would literally kill to live in a home like I do.
Yeah I don't own a million dollar home,
Not making six figures,
These are apparently the pre-requisites for getting even a low end woman these days,
So I guess if the goal is get a woman, yeah I failed at that,
didn't even like the one I had, she was a greedy, mean, vindictive cheat,
she is psychologically abusive, to this day this situation confirms it,
I would like to meet my son,
But I'm definitely happier now than i was before.
it was not a happy time,
that marriage i lost,
yeah i lost nothing good there,
a miserable time with a mean cruel woman.

I don't know,
I don't think you pointing at me today
and saying "he's the loser" is right.

Point at me when I had my wife still,
say "he's the loser", and that's probably true.

but TODAY???
Just, where's the weak suffering man?
where's the poor man?
I have mountains of money,
It's just not easy to steal by the normal means most women use,
If you wanna build a life with me i can sustain it,
If you wanna scam me outta money just get lost, go find your sucker.

What am I compensating here for?
Am i opining about Jialin everyday?
I barely care at all.
I am happy here.
I get to make my music.
I get to live my life my own way.
Unless the past is what eternally defines me,
I am living rich and happy here today.
So why is my work characterized as overcompensating for my weak worthless worm life,
when I'm doing great, I have lots of money, and I can do what i want with my time.

I don't know,
To me I just don't understand that.