Hi.
..........
I just updated most of the books I'll be including in the 3 theology sections of my site,
you should be able to read through them just from reading the links to the 3 sections
but if there's any issues I'll provide you with the text documents of the books I included.
I wanted to create a wall of text, so huge, no one can sanely read them,
but cram them all into 3 sections with each book posted concurrently, one after another
so they turn into one massive block of text.
Actually these aren't a winner, I lost traffic to my site after I included these sections
but I'm doing it anyway, these books establish the legitimacy of my theology and religion,
they prove that this is a very meaty religion, with a lot of substance, and these books are just a primer,
the real theology is in the songs, but we also have the written word, for a more traditional exploration.
A few books have been omitted, THE THIRD TESTAMENT by JESUS CHRIST, I really wanted to publish that
one but ultimately I decided against it, as the book is just too inflamatory, it's very perverted,
advocates for some really gross stuff, and i just figured, I don't want that on my website.
But it's frustrating, because that's one of the most important books in the canon,
like I am throwing away probably my most important book by doing that,
but anyway......
Later as a final note, I think I will add Hikari no Uta, maybe a redacted version,
as that has some rather inflammatory elements as well, but,
there's less of them, and it's a very important book too,
It needs more editing before i can convert to text and post in the Theology Room.

So anyway, my friends,
Tell me what you think of my books!

I am pretty proud of these and i think they lend legitimacy to my religion,
make it more like a traditional religion in form, so more normie people can understand it.
Just try to read through these 3 in 1 sitting, better set aside a month! lol......

I think they're a good addition,
although the religion is still mostly music,
And it might not register as a religion at all to some people,
because my Luciferian beliefs are so foreign to what you would traditionally associate with the word "religion",
But they are representative of my worldview, and perspective,
They are religious songs in line with my philosophy,
which is a partly atheistic philosophy which bears little resemblance to Christianity.
We're theistic Luciferians, we believe in a Literal Lucifer who exists in Hell somewhere in this universe,
he is real, and he exists.....
But if we ever doubt that, and usually doubt is fatal to any religion, then Lucifer just converts into a symbol,
in the Laveyan sense (Anton Szandors Lavey - THE CHURCH OF SATAN) and goes dormant,
Lucifer remains within your mind as a symbol if you doubt him, ready to bloom again,
when you believe. He converts between these two forms depending on the mindset of the adherent.
So I can doubt my religion, without throwing it all away, actually it works just fine with the wonderful
element of doubt, in fact it works great.
Worship, although I wouldn't use that word, is achieved through the creation of Luciferian artworks,
hymns, books, and other creations, Ideologically Luciferian, as conceived by me,
This is not just inverted Christianity, it is an entirely unique new philosophy, and it's adherents
would resemble modern people living their lives normally, rather than monks in a monestary or
priests in a church, which are just vestiges to me. It is a modern religion for the modern man,
It codifies and makes holy modernity, and may be mistaken for being not a religion at all,
for that reason, but there is a firm theological foundation.