I gave you the wrong impression. It's not that the new album is good and the old album is bad,
The first album has some of my best material. It has My Wretch (28), and SAY HELLO TO THE MOONLIGHT (the best version, 'Excuse me maam-' being the second best version fighting for best, this is the song in it's most traditional form.) That version of My Wretch is also particularly good, and the song is probably what I would consider my strongest. The Line about, "so they walk out onto the road, rather than listen to me" is one of my favorite lines. I need more power, more millions of viewers, I have not broken containment into the mainstream yet. With Soundcloud I broke containment out of that box of invisibility they had me in.
it was some invention of the trust and safety teams, from their research laboratories most likely. My comments were hidden, i could comment but they would just disappear almost immediately after i refreshed the page, i started noticing comments were appearing in the archive of my youtube videos, but they were missing when i went to the page, this happened on Bitchute, Youtube lots. My videos couldn't be googled. Even a verbatim search of my youtube video titles would yield nothing, i was netting on average 2-5 hits on thousands of videos. I had been using copyrighted clips in my remixes, lots of them. It seemed that everywhere i went i was shadowbanned in a similar manner, I was just declared a suppressive person, and exiled from every platform, while still being able to be there and build a presence and build up my videos, building a massive body of work which they must then contend with. Then one day, 8 years later, I just decided oop I'm gonna go legitimate, and picked up Suno, and suddenly I've just broken containment, 1.9 million hits in 7 months. Distrokid is helping with distribution, in case i ever pick up mainstream the albums will be there waiting for them, but i haven't broke mainstream containment, no big celebrity has noticed me and mentioned it publicly, so in terms of mainstream cred i guess, it's as if i don't exist at all. That's not really how i gauge success, I determine success based on the quality of the works I'm producing, but I admit there are still shores i haven't sailed yet.

At this point being noticed by the old guard is both impossible and
of dwindling importance. We are the new guard. Right now people like
me shape culture more than someone like, William Shatner.
There was a time he was the cutting edge, now he's more like the pope,
and being blessed by him is no longer mandatory to succeed at life.

But I did just want to point out, that, the two fire songs,
were gems of inordinate value to me, the new album also contains classics
i will never be able to make that well again, in either case,
both albums contain powerful gems, in the second one, the filler is spicier,
but there are no bad songs on either album. Album 2 contains an evil green gem
that saps the soul of anyone who listens to it, but My Wretch is of similar value
if powered up correctly. Overall it is a celebration of violence crime hate
despair torture suffering and evil, it is ideologically pure, therefore,
and a good example of what my belief system represents. I think it is the right
time for an album like this, I think it represents an ideological altar,
a crucifix erected on some ancient and treacherous road, somewhere in the middle 
of nowhere, that was once a shrine to some strange God, now lost to time.
So the two fire songs are very powerful gems, and just because the second album 
has evil gems, it doesn't necessarily make it better, the filler is better,
but only because it's more evil, it all depends, some people don't like spicy food.
I have given you something to chew on whether you like things dark or bright,
both are extremely good albums, if i made it sound like i was putting the other down,
it was merely a self deprecating joke, most likely to play up the quality of the new one. As I was very enamoured with it that day.