Hey guys, 

So I made about 5 or 6 deepdives all on the topic of 
the same thing, that letter, the cover letter to my FORM 1.

Oh yeah, scroll to the bottom and checkout my new sig,
I'm really proud of this title and this is what I am,
What I always was. I am a Human Rights Activist
working professionally at the Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario (HRTO).
That's not gonna change.

But I did take issue with one thing,
Admittedly you falling for my strategy is,
it indicates it is also likely to fool the opposition counsel
in a similar manner, you said my remedies are completely unworkable....

Michele Warner:
There's no change in Hell I'd ever sign that, admitting liability
to something like that, are you crazy? Registrar the Applicant is
trolling, I couldn't every sign that, it's COMPLETELY UNWORKABLE.

[I should have included a short clause, if HRTO does not wish
to make them sign a letter, [they can but generally they really
don't like doing that] the final remedy offered should be this: "HRTO imposes full liability on CAMH should these charges be proven true."]

[that would have been smarter, though the letter alone kind of forces
their hand, they have to say no, they have to say]

Michele Warner:
That is a crazy thing to ask, No I won't sign it,
You're asking me to admit liability for thousands of deaths,
call it ..... sickening... state.......

Brendan Rose:
You must state that these people are human.
You have caused thousands of deaths maam,
Thousands of people are dead because of you
and your institution. They are, verifiably,
and obviously.

I also requested you state "they are human"
The people you killed are human, or used to be,
they are rotten vegetables now. You killed them.
So yes, I fully expect you to state that those
people you murdered by the thousands are human.

Michele Warning:
No i.....

Brendan Rose:
You must state that these crimes are sickening.
You have killed thousands of people it is sickening.
Say it, admit it, you are killing people on an
industrial scale, sickening barely covers it.

But as I understand it, what you're trying to say Michele,
is that you will in no way ever express "remorse" for the
thousands of people dead as a result of your actions and
the actions of the Brutal CAMH organization.
Those people WERE human, Michele, they are rot now,
they are buried in graves now, you put them there.

You will express remorse and regret for the thousands
of people you murdered. You will state that they were human.

Michele Warner:
Registrar, are you really going to allow this.....

Registrar:
...

Brendan Rose:
Michele, I know you think stating the thousands of people you killed,
I would estimate 200000 over 20 years, you think saying they were
human, is "absurd". You think you will never express "remorse"
or "regret", you believe you have killed them, that they are not human,
and that you will never feel remorse or regret.....

You have stated you will never say the names of pets you killed,
Loki, Tequila, Neko my favorite. They're dead now.
Your position is you will never say their name under any circumstances.
I'm here to tell you that you're wrong. You will.

By the end of these proceedings you will wretch your hands
to God cry, for you have killed hundreds of thousand of people,
tortured to death over decades of unimaginable suffering, abuse,
mockery, humiliation, torture, especially the torture.
You will express remorse and regret that you have murdered so many people.....

Michele Warner:
...

Brendan Rose:
You will state publicly that your mass grave of victims,
contained human beings, before you exterminated them,
with slow torture over decades. Your heart will change,
You will turn to God, and cry and scream to God,
and beg him for forgiveness. Which he will grant you,
if you say they were human, first, that you feel remorse
and regret, for the humiliating extermination campaign
resulting in a mass grave with 200,000 who killed themselves
rather endure more suffering at the hand of CAMH,
and you Michele.

On that day you will not be concerned with legal liability,
because you will also be human that day for the first time
in many years. You will accept full legal liability for the 
Genocide you caused. 

The RCMP upon reading the letter,
Will realize with some disbelief,
You have just confessed to crimes against humanity.

They take you Michele, put you in a jail cell for a time,
Then under the laws of Canada, they will put a needle
in your arm and you will die. Which is our law in this country.

If you still feel regret, and remorse for your victims on that day,
if you cry out to God you will be forgiven, and God will accept
you into heaven when you have died.

--------------------------------------------------------------
That is my response to the statement,
"I couldn't possibly sign something like that."

I will wait for you to say something of that nature,
then I will send you this document.

I prepared it the night I sent the FORM 1 on CAMH to EFILE.
9:20 PM
2026 09 03

Regards,
Brendan S. Rose
CEO - Lucifer Media Corporation
Human Rights Activist
Self-Represented Applicant
HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I and HRTO FILE 2026-68793-I
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com

---------------------------------------------------------------

Additionally DEEPDIVE, please reread my monetary compensation.
I am a victim of crimes against humanity,
Torture beyond conception for 20 years, my entire life in other words,
It is over now, my life has ended,
I am already dead, Michele, you killed me many years ago.
What you're talking to here is a corpse, not a man, a corpse.
Brendan Rose is dead, he has been dead for a very long time.

I don't know how on EARTH you think that is a highball estimate DEEPDIVE.
A million dollars, a measly million dollars,
For a decade of unimaginable torture, for crimes against humanity
inflicted on me. Yes a million makes sense.
A house was lost and destroyed as a result of CAMH's murderous actions.
A house costs 1.4 million dollars in Toronto,
A house stolen, A house to replace it.
it is correctly valued, I lost my family home because of them.
Remarkably I gave them the condominium for free,
I should have added another 500,000 to replace the condo 
that was destroyed. If you take a SLEDGEHAMMER TO MY MERCEDES,
YOU OWE ME A MERCEDES, NOT A MCDONALDS MEAL IN RETURN.
YOU SHOULD PAY FOR WHAT WAS LOST, WITH SOMETHING OF EQUAL VALUE.

Injury to dignity, humiliated beyond recall,
Humiliation inflicted sufficient to cause almost any man
to kill himself, it was enough for me,
I slashed my arteries open and bled for 12 days solid.
I cut my arm open on a different suicide attempt.
As a result of brutal humiliating torture and loss of family and pets inflicted on my by the CAMH War Criminals.

For all of that, I offered the registrar an out,
I listed $50,000 dollars. I should actually change that.....

But for now on the filing, i request 50,000 dollars in compensation
for a house worth 1.4 million, a condo worth 500,000,
Compensation for unimaginable torture, Crimes against humanity
over 20 years, I think I asked only a million.
It should result actually in them executed under existing Canadian law designed to punish War Criminals.

THE GENEVA CONVENTION
They should be arrested and executed.
Under the Geneva convention, For Genocide
and Crimes against Humanity.
Instead I asked a million in compensation for being subject to 20 years of torture and humiliation, the destruction of everything that was ever mine......

THE LOSS OF A WIFE: Jialin Yu
[Cannot be valued in monetary terms]
[For want of an alternative means, no, it cannot be valued in monetary terms. Every day I struggle not to walk out into the street and take my revenge.]

THE LOSS OF A BABY, MY SON BRIAN: aka Mue Jie.
[For this you should lose your country.
We should fly planes full of Napalm over Canada,
and exterminate you like the Nazis in Drezden.
We should salt the earth so nothing ever grows again.
Every family in Canada should burn to death and die.]

For my Pets.

LOKI:
[A genetic virus targeting all Black people. Exterminating them entirely.]

TEQUILA:
[A genetic virus targeting White people. Exterminating them entirely from the earth.]

Neko:
[A genetic virus targeting all children. Exterminating them completely and ending the human race.]

Are we clear DEEPDIVE.
No it's not too big of an ask.
Look again at what was lost,
Value it correctly.
Give me the equivalent in money.
You whore.
You want to smash my collection Priceless Chinese Vases,
worth over 5 million dollars, passed down through my family
over 500 years in an unbroken line.
Then you want to say this.

"I'll give you a hundred bucks for it."

I decide life is not worth living anymore and i kill you with a knife.

How dare you say that was too much,
That is what the DAMAGES WERE WORTH MORON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YOU BROKE IT!!!! PAY WHAT IT'S WORTH!!!!!!!!!!!! DIE!!!!!!!!!!!!


===============================================================

For my next trick, I'm going to cut off all your fingers,
and when you ask for replacement fingers, or enough money to buy mechanical ones. I will instead offer you a piece of cheese.

How dare you say that was too much.

It was considerably below the value of what was lost.

Out of pity for the Registrar dealing with this,
I offered $50,000 as realistic. The value is,
kill all humans, end the species, salt the earth so nothing ever grows again.

You do not deserve to live happy lives after this torture you have made me live through. I should kill you. I struggle every day not to kill you.
One day I probably will......