The issue is we are being made to accept mass immigration,
Which is making life worse for the native residents of every country it's imposed on.
In my country, in the last 20 years the influx of mass immigration has caused
housing prices to explode. All these newcomers need homes, are generally given good jobs,
Those are all jobs we're not getting, and houses we're no longer able to buy.

All this is the name of, our Original Sin of Whiteness, Adolf Hitler.
Even though most of us fought against him when he rose to power,
which we now increasingly regret.

You have swung the pendulum too far in the other direction,
and now we're expected to go without homes, families, jobs,
all to help these newcomers, who have special extra rights.
They can claim hate crimes when a crime like spitting occurs to them,
Whereas spitting on me can occur upwards of 5 or 6 times in
a span of two weeks, and police refuse to even file the report.
They showed up, took my statement, and didn't even file the report.
The Man who spit towards me (one of the 5 or 6 incidents)
was a Southeast Asian man, I know where he works,
he wasn't a rando, he's a local. Now this, *shiver* man,
gets to spit on me with impunity in the country my fathers
lived in for hundreds of years, but if I spit on him,
a prospect which is looking increasingly enticing,
that would be a hate crime, they'd come and arrest me on the spot,
they'd tack on hate as an additional included to be negotiated away
or even enforced. And I would be in prison, but the man who spit on ME
is southeast asian, despite knowing exactly who he is, the police
don't even make a report, no report number logged. Really he threatened
me more than anything. He really didn't want to take that report, and he didn't.

I'm sorry Deepdive, to me that's an affront.
Those are guests I do not in my home.
I can't even call it my home anymore,
because that would be racist,
again, the original sin of white people,
RACISM, the worst thing in the world (not really.)

It's not that bad of a thing, racism,
it certainly doesn't justify what you (people who support these policies)
have done.
It does not justify opening the floodgates to everyone and then
swarming the housing market with so many new faces, (ALL GETTING GOOD JOBS NOW PROHIBITED TO "Racists" SEE: White People) that none of us can afford a home anymore,
We don't get families OR a home, you just exterminate those families,
and YOU ALL, get to date our daughters, which you readily take up,
and we are prohibited from dating them, due to the poverty you imposed.

I'm sorry, I don't know how to say this,
It's looking like we were wrong to oppose Hitler,
he would have made a society that worked for us,
Instead we sided with you, died by the millions in the trenches
to side with you. Only to have our great sacrifice twisted
in order to completely disenfranchise us within our own nations.
And if we so much as HATE our oppressor, we are guilty of
an offense in our own nations.

No, people should be allowed to hate.
When it's justified, there should no prohibition on hatred.
Hatred is justified,
You HAVE disenfranchised us within our own nations.
You have put us out on the street, and took the houses we
would have lived in, and took the families we would have had,
killed our families in other words. You certainly killed mine (with finances).

All this in the name of what should have been self evident,
opposition to Hitler and racism,
You have twisted your position so heavily in your own favor,
and so nakedly against us,
Your foundational premises no longer look correct to us.

It looks very much like we were wrong to die in the trenches for you,
As ultimately you betrayed us, and ruined our societies,
and the warnings issued by the devil, now look so crystal clear and prescient.

It looks so clear to us now that we took the wrong side in that war.
To be frank that is what it is.

I rather hope we wake up and take our societies back,
ban all hate offenses from the books, end the corporate policy
of fetishism for BAM (Black and Ethnic Minority) focused employement,
and instead don't hire them at all, we should do to you what was done to us,
all of it. You should lose that weapon, first,
Second, we should that weapon against you,
Make you unhirable due to your skin (currently you target us with this)
Come down on you with an iron fist when you spit on us (currently you target us with this)
Impoverish you, make you unable to buy a home, kick you out homeless, let you die (currently you target us with this)
I can see the blowback coming, but it's not coming fast enough.
You are currently succeeding at destroying our nation.

And now I come to you with a scholarly textbook on World War 2, with no advocacy of any time,
A textbook, like you'd read in schools, and you ban that by structure, you won't discuss it,
You put it on the same level as sex offenses against minors. Not to be discussed.

Well we see what you did just there.
We're currently mulling over our options.

We would be very embarrassed to go Full Hitler on you.
As none of us ever wanted to do that.
But you are pushing it, to put it mildly.

You are reducing us to homelessness in a holocaust of our families.
You are exterminating our families before we can even begin them.
You have twisted the laws, originally created with good intent, into a weapon used exclusively against us.
And when we talk back, fight back, you cry RACISM.
Well that won't fly for very long.
We recognize already that we're being completely disenfranchised.
You'll start to see more nations go full Hitler, frankly,
and you're so stupid you'll deserve it.
We took your hand in friendship, and you cut it open like Alex from A Clockwork Orange.

Go ahead and call us racist,
We are now.

It's fine to be racist,
who cares?

Look what you did to us,
When we're prohibited from hating you,
when you ruined our countries and killed our families...

You certainly destroyed MY family.

That's the only one I care about.

If you all burned tomorrow crying RACISM,
that would just be you getting what you deserve.

Instead you take your plate of food, and then your take ours too,
and if we don't like it, WE go to jail.

Why would these foreigners be welcome?
Why?

What have they done to justify being made welcome?

They've done plenty to deserve being kicked out.

What have they done to deserve being made welcome?