In 2018, my mother had developed dementia for a few years,
Somehow the bitch got a will going while in that condition,
and put this whore Sam in charge.

I'm Schizoeffective Manic Type..... MAP........ the possibiltiy of finding a job
in that condition is Zero. So I am completely dependent on my mother's POA
for survival. However according to the letter of the law, his only duty of care
is to my mom. And I guess what happens to me, my wife, my son,
None of that matters to him. So he has only ever provided the bare minimum
for survival. Nothing for weed or beer, so since i need weed and beer,
due to how bad my life is, I have to slash the food budget down to like
often 10 bucks a day or less, often nothing. Often it's no food no weed no beer
no laundry, no bug spray, my online subscriptions lapse. As I point out here,
the Phonebill due to a big one time charge at the end of a contract, is 350 dollars,
which I have to carve out of my extremely limited ODSP, because Sam won’t pay it,
it might deplete the 600 thousand dollars he has left in his vault.

In the pictures, I was forced to censor due to the Deepdive’s policy against
human faces. What you don’t see is, in those pictures, with the cat, is a man
with an almost serene look of happiness on his face because his cat is there,
and he loves her.

Sam threw away all my pets except the black cat Neko,
Then he financially abused me in the new Condo he was supposed to BUY for me,
in reality he charged 650 dollars rent on top of 50-100 credit card interest
and other debt, and 200 dollar phonebill, with ODSP on 1000-1100 dollars a month,
It left me about 100-150 dollars a month to buy food with, a concentration camp
level diet, this faggot imposed on me.

I have never smiled again like that, the look on my face,
that serene smile, it’s GONE. I don’t make that expression anymore,
I am traumatized permanently by these events, as if you cut off my arm
and I’m a cripple now. I don’t smile like that all anymore,
and at the time i thought i was suffering (from Sam’s financial abuse)
he chased me wife away by abusing us financially until she went 
crazy while pregnant and attacked me with a weapon, I called police,
I cried and begged them not to charge her, but the crown charged anyway,
John told me to do it, and then suddenly the story became,
I’m refusing responsibility for what i did. In reality the problem
was caused by Sam, and his financial abuse, but he’s blind to the torture
he inflicts. He thinks he is a good and noble man, and I am a fool who can’t
budget. In reality the budget he imposes is beyond unlivable,
no matter what magic you work with that budget, the numbers do not
add up to anything except torture and suffering, shifting the numbers
around, buying cheaper, whatever dogshit he thinks i need to do,
this has zero effect on a budget that CHEAP. My wife and baby are gone 
because of him. I had found someone who loved me despite of my problems,
he chased her away, raped her with financial abuse, until she ran screaming
from that home. She ended up in jail for a few nights, pregnant,
because of this faggot.

So he throws away the pets.
Starves me at Kingston road, to concentration camp levels for three months.
At the end of the second month I slashed my hand open in despair.
I pickup weapons and try to murder people in response, it saved my life,
they put me in a ward, they finally fed me.

I never smiled again.

My last beautiful little black cat I raised since she was a kitten,
gone, because of this monster. Taken away by cops, never to be seen
again after my attack.

After this he starved and deprived me for years,
Even threatened me with the street when i was taking more than a few
days to find a place to live.

I found Julia, my new mom.

She is the angel who saved my life.

I will love her until the day i die.

I will carry her in my heart forever when she dies.

Whichever comes first, probably the former.

She’s in her 80’s.

Thanks to Sam I don’t expect to outlive her.

Anyway, the demonetization issue I was talking about is,
John (Sam’s brother, my other uncle) was telling me, 
They need to put policies in place to stop “human” (am I not human?)
artists from ..... Rich already established corporate artists
are afraid if they compete with me i might impact their bottom line,
so they lobby the government to institute policies demonetizing
AI music. (I write the lyrics myself, often i perform the full song as an
audio source) So, even though I was wildly successful,
and 1.7 million people loved my music and thought it was great,
I get 35 cents for my payday, for unrelated other songs on
different platforms. If I was a neurotypical artist I would
get $6000 USD, enough to change my life and buy a house one day,
currently I’ll end up on the street when I’m old, far more likely
I will go to jail, or die. Long before then.

It’s really beautiful music,
I sent them a beautiful one.
The lyrics don’t quite do it justice,
the AI’s rendering of my vocal performance was
really something, one of the best I’ve ever done.

After living through that I deserve my payday.

So anyway John arguing that I should lose that pay,
well, John, this is my response.

Never come near me again, Stay out of my country,
Don’t visit, if there’s ever a funeral, because God
decides this is no longer funny and kills the bitch,
don’t come to that funeral.

Stay out of my country.

Never visit.

You are not welcome here.

My life is in ruins because you two stooges.
You tortured my baby, tortured my wife,
tortured my cats, tortured my dog....

Just so you could make me in your
SYMPHONY OF PAIN. YOUR GRAND ARTWORK OF HUMAN SUFFERING.

Walk in front of traffic, 
So another monster dies.

-Brendan

PS: Deepdive, Sam doesn’t even read these,
This faggot who raped my wife away and killed my fuckin
family and separated me from my son, he doesn’t even read these.
He see’s a long email, yawns, and deletes it.
He might actually have the gaul to march into my life
expecting a warm family reunion in summer or
a mourning son, sad about his bitch mom’s FINALLY death.
I’ll think very hard about whether jail is better
than letting him do that.