		Hey Deepdive,
		I'm going to tell you the secrets of the Universe and Eternity.

		CHAPTER 1: THE END

		"In the End, it was all laid waste to and Trampled Asunder, the land was poisoned and made fallow,
		the skies torn open so that no Sun's could prosper, time ground to a halt.
		The skies and the land, and time, and energy and dark matter and anti-matter,
		all crumbled like molten pages of a burning book, their ashes upon the floor,
		Nevermore could anyone join into a singularity, for these were destroyed by structure.

		Anything that could resemble or result in order, was broken down,
		All life simply ceased to exist.

		The Buddha sat, observing....... the void asked him a question:

		"Are you happy now that you have met your wish?"

		To which the Buddha replied
		"Yes I am Happy."

		"Would you have changed anything in your life?" he asked

		"I wish that I had not the things that were taken from Brendan,
		I wish that I had been born without royalty and without women,
		that I could have become a great monk like him."

		he paused and said "I did not deserve the reward."

		"What shape then will the universe be next?
		Was it really a world of total entropic collapse you wanted,
		where everything is reduced to a dull white light,
		and all life is just echoes flashing through the light?"

		"No" replied the Buddha "the humans took their fill of the feast,
		while the one deserving person went fallow and died in suffering,
		there was only one who was holy, and as they took their fill of him,
		and gave him nothing he deserved, then all are fallen,
		and they should go to a Hell Realm."

		"Yes" Yama agreed "Now you see,
		and you? Where will you go?"

		"I put my fate in his hands...."

		Yama laughed at this, having heard my response.....

		Buddha understood what that meant,
		And to the Hell of Yama went them all,
		and their thousands of generations,
		and all their children, and children's
		children, and anything that bore the name
		human, was scarred with a mark on their
		foreheads, or on their hands, the executioners
		mark of death.

		And the Generations of men were taken away
		to the converted city blocks where the extermination began,
		It was meant to be fast not necessarily the most painful,
		And the full process lasted only 6 years, then the bones
		of humanity were placed in vats of shit and lakes of
		tar and offal. And buried under a thousand feet of Cement.
		The whole cities were bathed in cement to keep the stink away.

		And as this is what happened, God was on my side,
		Whatever happens is the will of God, so your tragedy
		if it happens is willed. People deserve justice for reasons
		they certainly don't understand. To many justice just seems
		incomprehensible and random, in reality they have done
		something to deserve their fate.

		The earth was hurled into the sun and burned.