The cases stalled nicely.
Soundcloud was frozen abruptly as I was sending too much stuff.
But they sent a NOID on Jurisdiction.

I gave them 4 pages on Amselem, and a half page on Jurisdiction,
but what arguments i provided were strong, I did actually make
my case on Jurisdiction, I could have made it better.

A)

But we're now creeping up on 2 months of deliberations in that
case and no sign of letting up. That's a very good sign,
it looks like they realize they took the bait, and they
are now in a very serious discussion of charter rights
and provincial jurisdiction, over third party TOS
rewriting and overriding out rights. Oddly it was frozen
just as I accidentally forwarded my private and confidential
medical information to all parties instead of just the registrar,
an easy to make mistake, I requested that the registrar order
the copies destroyed and recalled, I requested confirmation of
their destruction within 48 hours, but we just got silence
from Soundcloud, in essence their systems have so much
redundancy they CAN'T comply but that's another matter.
It was frozen like this, and for 2 months, I have not
posted or sent a single item to this thread.

They have got past the point they can pretend this is about
administrative delays. They are deliberating seriously,
I am working on the assumption that they will deliberate for
another month or two before deciding to grant service against
Soundcloud. And honestly a simple clean ruling against on 
Jurisdiction, I think would fall apart in review. I don't
get that impression, i get the impression they are actually
considering my arguments, giving it the due time it needs,
and if they do, I expect to win.

B)

On TPS they've been deliberating less time, but jurisdiction
is clearer. The case is maybe a bit weaker, but when Grok laid
it all out in Submission on Jurisdiction, he does make a hauntingly
good case for what I'm arguing. What happened was I dropped the 
Shoppers Matter once we had CAMH in the respondent list, my
main reason for being there was resolved, there didn't seem
to be any point in continuing. So I dropped Shoppers,
waited a few days, and got that response from the registrar,
TPS/CAMH case Frozen, no new submissions.

We'll see on that one.....

My position is I want that speech put into the record,
which means service, and probably saying No during arbitration,
that would get it in the public record, where it needs to be.
I think I also win on the case, for what it matters,
the matters of the case, yeah I win that, now,
can i fight the scariest law firm in the city, maybe, maybe no
We'll see....

But that's frozen, they're considering whether I defeated the NOID
or not. The Soundcloud case, I think I just verifiably did defeat
the NOID. So the longer we wait the better things look for me.

Two cases frozen perfectly.
Two frozen strawberries in cases.