This is my grounds for Judicial Review. In 3 - 5 days if there has been no reply from Soundcloud, I will take it to mean very clearly they have taken improperly my private and confidential medical information. Just stored it away in some Soundcloud vault for their legal team to use against me if they ever wish to sue.

Under the laws of our country, like the one's preventing religious discrimination and mistreatment, mistreatment and discrimination on the grounds of disability in this case Schizophrenia, the rules against reprisal and retaliation, etc, etc, pick your poison. They don't obey any of these laws. This German system, that imposes their laws on us, I am now subject to German Hate Speech Laws, forcing me to delete a anti-fascist song, a satire, because they assert it's something else it's not. But regarding the rules relating to deleting and destroying confidential and private medical information improperly obtained, they don't follow that law, it's not a German law.

I have a great deal of distaste for this type of person.
This specific type of person, these ultraconservative Germans
who don't respect any of our laws, and want to use sneaky tactics
like treaties and business contracts to slowly and insidiously subert
our justice system, until it's not enforcing Canadian Law anymore
which used to protect me. Now we are enforcing the German TOS,
a brutal system which guarantee's none of the rights and freedoms
afforded to us under the laws we used to and now claim are still in effect.
You can say, "but but but it's just a TOS of a corporation you're not entitled
to a Soundcloud" Yes, to speech, to sing, I am not entitled to this.
But the issue I have is when they are corrupting the courts,
this no longer about a social media companies TOS.

They will not reply,
They will take my confidential information,
Like Amazon took the letters, the correspondences with my lawyer, (actual human lawyer)
And my requests, issued months ago (they said wait a month for a reply)
are categorically ignored, this is juicy material that might be very useful in a potential lawsuit,
and the laws of Canada, are run haphazardly over,
as the irrelevant things they are.

Regards,
-Brendan S Rose


Dear Registrar,

Please find attached, Request for Accommodations.

ATTACHMENTS:

1.  TO001E - REQUEST FOR ACCOMMODATIONS - Brendan Rose.pdf
2.  Form 23


Regards,
Brendan Rose
[Entertainer / App Developer / Company Owner / Political Activist / Aspiring Politician]
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com

Sent with Proton Mail secure email.


HRTO File No.: 2026-67265-I: Subject: URGENT: Clerical Error / Recall of Previous Correspondence - Brendan S. Rose
From
Stored with zero-access encryption
Thesulfurgod@protonmail.com<thesulfurgod@protonmail.com>
Star message
ROSE v. SOUNDCLOUD -2026-67265-I
11:37 AM Thursday, May 28th, 2026 at 11:37 AM
To
hrto.registrar@Ontario.ca
SoundCloud Support<support@support.soundcloud.com>
legal@soundcloud.com
Thursday, May 28th, 2026 at 11:37 AM

Subject: URGENT: Clerical Error / Recall of Previous Correspondence - 


Brendan Rose v. Soundcloud Inc (Soundcloud Support / Soundcloud Legal),


To All Parties:
Please be advised that the email sent earlier today regarding a Request for Accommodation was transmitted to the respondents in error. This application has not yet been served by the Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario (HRTO), and the attached materials contain highly sensitive, confidential personal health information.
Under Tribunals Ontario's Accommodation Policy, accommodation requests are processed strictly as confidential administrative matters and are not shared with opposing parties.
Respondents are hereby requested to immediately delete the previous email, its text, and any attachments from all email servers, local drives, and trash folders without reading, printing, or archiving them. Please reply to this email confirming that the data has been permanently destroyed.

Regards,
Brendan Rose
[Entertainer / App Developer / Company Owner / Political Activist / Aspiring Politician]
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com

Sent with Proton Mail secure email.
Hide original message
On Thursday, May 28th, 2026 at 11:29 AM, BRENDAN S. ROSE <thesulfurgod@protonmail.com> wrote:

> Soundcloud Support,
> 
> Please disregard my previous email regarding my Request for Accommodations. It was erroneously sent to all parties, rather than just the Registrar. Respondents are kindly requested to delete the message and its attachments without reviewing them, as the application has not yet been served by the Tribunal and contains confidential medical and administrative information. Thank you.
> 
> Dear Registrar,
> 
> Please retain all copies of this request, and render a decision.
> I request that my submitted request for accommodations be considered as sent,
> and I will not resubmit. If you request I will resubmit, removing the respondents
> from the email chain as requested.
> 
> Thank you,
> -Brendan Rose