Subject: HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I - Brendan S. Rose - To Martin Rotenberg - An Emergency at ODSP Parkdale - Amy Gonzales - Case Worker



Hello Martin,
I have a favor to ask you.
Amy at ODSP has cutoff my service, both ODSP and my life saving Abilify. I remember when she tried this before, you talked to her, and convinced her to change her mind. I request that you do it again.

[Registrar, please add this submission to both cases HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I (Soundcloud) and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I (Toronto Police Services Hate Crimes Unit) in advance of the September 14th Deadline] Stephen you have been included due to the nexus to CAMH in your case, no malice is alleged on the part of Soundcloud, your involvement is due to Martin's interference in your case, Regarding Soundcloud i only wish to discuss my adverse affect discrimination claims, which i hope can be resolved peacefully, TPS Hate Crimes Unit, you have been included due to the nexus to CAMH, Michele you are an involved party, so I'm forwarding this to you too. Patrick you're included because you're involved. Bridging service I've included you because my allegation was that after my request to add you as a respondent due to your denial of service in the Soundcloud incident, Amy immediately retaliated, whether against that or the cases at large, is what i have argued is likely. Amy, at ODSP I'm forwarding this to you as you are an involved party. It is not intended to re-argue the Form 1 at you, nothing here contradicts my Form 1, rather I'm just explaining the dangerous situation which has been created to Martin, in the hopes that he might help fix it, as he may have the power to.

                 A) Martin, you're very familiar with my case file,
                      Along with the Horror at Kingston Road. Where
                      a combination of protracted near total starvation
                      and deprivation of my direly needed medication
                      over three months resulted in a violent standoff
                      with police, who had to cut open my door,
                      after I attempted to murder someone, with a glass bottle
                      of giant baileys from a 2nd floor balcony,
                      which was logged as a mental health incident,
                      I was given my medicine, monitored for a month
                      as i recovered and released, with a warning that
                      if this ever happens again (it was not my fault)
                      I may be permanently committed.
                      Amy is playing dice with my life, arguably the lives of others. This is not a threat,       
                      catastrophic breakdown has resulted in all cases where i went off my medication
                      for longer than three months. This is mandated mental breakdown. 
                      And mandated homelessness.

I argued she has done this in reprisal for the legal action I have launched against her employer and yours, the CAMH system. The pretext given was flimsy to say the least, she claimed i went over the gift limit, this is a lie, I only received 7200 in gifts.
The gift limit is $10,000 7200 is well below it.

What she's referring to is this.
She has ordered me to live on the street,
[issued an ODSP wage which is homeless level money, I would have to leave my home and go on the street.] As my uncle did not want me to die as a result of Amy's actions (and my previous workers), he paid rent direct to the landlord. This was an emergency measure, paying rent directly to the landlord, from my mother's dementia care funds, in order to prevent death by exposure and protracted death over months or years on the street, a torturous slow death on the street, a humiliating death. Where Amy thinks I belong, and retaliated against my uncle for trying to save me from this abusive mistreatment. So that was not "gifts" that was "preventing death due to ODSP Parkdale policies."

The amount of gifts was, only 7200, she also bought me a face shaver set, among other small items.
I alleged in my filings that homelessness is the intended goal of ODSP Parkdale's policies, as all of their rules appear designed to create this outcome. [for instance mandated homelessness, retaliation against family members who try to save the victim's life, measures designed to ruin relationships, break up marriages, and chase women away from their husbands. I suggested this is designed to keep the victim weak and poor, so they can be abused for profit in the CAMH facilities.]

Please ask Amy to restore the denied services.
I will not accept another similar substituted service of lower quality. She is potentially creating a very dangerous situation, for me and others. This is an emergency, Martin.

Make sure to tell her right away....


Regards,
Brendan S. RoseCEO - Lucifer Media Corporation
Self-Represented Applicant
HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com
Show original message