TO THE DEEPDIVE:
Before we begin......

Please Review:
HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I - Brendan S. Rose -LECA REPORT
LECA Report on the Mental Health Discrimination
Form 23 - Regarding the LECA report.pdf

Maybe you'll stop calling me paranoid now, which you do all the time.
I'm not afraid of imaginary enemies, i'm not always freaking out in fear about delusional thoughts and ideas.
What the fuck do you mean I'm "Paranoid", Mr. Boss?
Can words have definitions please, why are you just throwing that term around?
I am not paranoid, sir,
I'm making coherent and complicated arguments about the human rights code.
Paranoia would be "there's a conspiracy of"
I never use the word conspiracy by the way, not even once generally.
Other people say I see a conspiracy, no I see large institutions function as i say they are in verifiable ways. I discussing ACTIONS not "theories". Verifiable on the board actions that verifiably have occurred.
That's not a conspiracy theory Mr. Boss (eyes narrow).
So no, saying large institutions have committed X human rights offenses under the code, is not a "paranoid delusion" They verifiably have. I am describing merely how these organizations operate, no more no less.
You're like the cop who says I'm "In Crisis" because I have a mental illness and wanted to report a hate crime. Maybe it's not apparent in the transcript, I was deadpan calm the entire time,
I didn't get worked up, i didn't yell, I didn't freakout, I didn't have a tantrum, I wasn't yelling, I wasn't talking with a voice full of fear, it was calm clinical dissection of the issue of the denial of service. I knew they would do this. Before I called, I knew this much, when I call the Hate Crimes Unit to try to report a mental health based hate crime, something really silly and dangerous will happen, they'll probably try to put me in a ward. It was exactly what I thought would happen, for my part, all I did was argue in good faith that I want to file a hate crimes report, and later, argued my way out of the month in the ward they dispatched officers to put me in. I threatened them with HRTO, cops understand that like a Dog recognizes the smell of a Bear and runs. Cops are the HRTO's favorite victim, the easiest to get cases approved against. I actually think it's embarrassing, anyway with my new Form 1 we'll see whether large institutions like CAMH or the ODSP Parkdale office.
It's a stereotype. He has this diagnosis so whatever he says is a paranoid delusion,
You actually think that, and I can see when it's coloring your view of me.
I hope the courts are more fair than you today on that Mr. Boss,
If they have the same attitude my case will just be dismissed (Paranoid delusion, Paranoid ranting: The Claim: ODSP Parkdale starves it's victims down to nothing, resulting in their deaths in large numbers, verifiably true, you hear: "FREEMASONS RULE THE COUNTRY!!!!!" It's the reason those cops didn't
take my report, and eventually tried to STONE CELL me for a month when I persisted in pursuing my rights.
Which they think are are automatically invalid because I'm a MAP(I have committed a few crimes, I suspect their systems can detect it)[if it comes up in court I'll just confess, and move forward], this is likely why the call was transferred, (MAP's have no protection under the law, certainly not for HATE CRIMES, which we are definitely not entitled to report, but rather, i was reporting based on my PROTECTED CHARACTERISTICS, if I also have UNPROTECTED CHARACTERISTICS that is not what I am reporting about that day, I am reporting hate crimes based on my MENTAL ILLNESS and RELIGION(music) if they think I have another characteristic that invalidates those and makes it "Brendan I don't what you're reporting here is a hate crime", I'm terribly sorry, no, i still have rights based on the characteristics that ARE protected.
They probably have an entry on me, that is not public. They heard my name, I have some notoriety in 14 Division, they know who I am. But in any case I'm CERTAINLY NOT ARGUING THAT, it's just my (likely true) suspicion. I will not raise the issue in court. Rather we will discuss the MENTAL HEALTH excuse, and why
my call was ROUTED AWAY OVER THAT, and into SOCIAL SERVICES and then INCARCERATION in a ward, 
because someone who "for some reason" did not belong in the hate crimes unit, was trying to make a report.
I knew this would happen,
There would obviously be a THREE STOOGES STYLE FARCE
as soon as I called and tried to report to that minorities only (and women/gays only) institution.
White men are not allowed to call there, MENTAL HEALTH IS NOT A PROTECTED CHARACTERISTIC defacto on the board.
And luckily TPS provided A LOT  MORE FOR MY RECORDING THAT I COULD HAVE EVER POSSIBLY DREAMED.
It's the perfect SUIT against those pigs, one of the many institutions that have ruined
my life over the years. Along with ODSP Parkdale (the worst offender)
CAMH (we're trying to get them in service, the judges keep slapping it down to protect the institution from my valid claims, that's fine, we're just established A LOT OF CONTEXT before we ultimately file a FORM 1 against CAMH, later, when I'm ready.)
THE BRIDGING CLINIC, they made me wait 2 hours in the waiting room before denying that medication, which I would likely need soon, as the Lawyer against Martin I would advise him to cancel our meetings immediately, the awkwardness of explaining that decision far outweighs the potential damage to be caused by entering into meeting after meeting with me, with no recorded transcript, where frankly, I can represent those meetings as whatever i want (I'm not exploiting that, I'm relaying our meetings correctly, but frankly i could say anything if i wanted, there's no recording. Legal seppuku.)
MARTIN of course is a party to the suit, we're trying to get him in the others, when that fails, the eventual FORM 1 will look a lot stronger. Martin helped me in a sense, he also put me in for 1488 hours in a WARD in 2024, which i never forgot, the first was kinda justified, the second was total garbage, I needed a meal and a smoke, I was freaking out because i was starving (SEE: ODSP Parkdale)
Please do not spread stereotypes that I am suffering from "Paranoid Delusions" just by walking around living my life, or objecting to mistreatment (which is systemic) from these institutions.
NO, MR. BOSS, 
this is not some A BEAUTIFUL MIND style mind map where I make
a million connections about nothing, because I just feel
"EVERYTHING's CONNECTED" No sir, read it again,
I said they're connected by the nexus to CAMH.
Not my private feelings, or a delusional dream about persecution,
they're connected by the nexus to CAMH,
which I have explained in this letter..........

[please stop misrepresenting me]
[I consider it the equivalent of walking up to a black guy and saying "You are currently eating fried chicken and watermelon"
And the guy's just like, no I'm not.
Well I heard you black guys eat fried chicken and watermelon
so you must be "delusional" "in crisis" "ranting about conspiracy theories"[I never use the word, you do.] Right now, aren't you.....

...

No.....

I'm not currently eating fried chicken and watermelon.
Police report reads: SUBJECT WAS EATING FRIED CHICKEN AND WATERMELON, complaining about GRITS]

It's infuriating that you have this attitude programmed into you,
They have programmed you full of stereotypes,
which you launch at me with benevolent contempt.
I am not IN CRISIS, SUFFERING FROM DELUSIONS, or EATING GRITS, sir.
(that's not even how my illness manifests, if treated my symptoms are effectively ZERO, if left untreated it manifests as VIOLENT IDEATION and THE DESIRE TO HURT OR KILL PEOPLE, which gets stronger the longer i am deprived of medication, it does not manifest as delusions, I DO NOT HAVE ANY DELUSIONS. I AM NOT "DELUSIONAL BY DEFAULT", Mr. Boss) Whoever programmed that into you has a severe hatred of mentally ill people they think is helping them, I consider it the equivalent of being programmed to say the N-WORD whenever a black person enters the deepdive room.

Anyway here's the letter:


HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I - Brendan S. Rose - LECA REPORT
From
Forwarded
Stored with zero-access encryption
Thesulfurgod@protonmail.com<thesulfurgod@protonmail.com>
Star message
Sent
JUSTICE FOR ALL
Has 2 attachments (1.11 MB)
Yesterday
Monday, August 31st, 2026 at 11:24 PM
To
Stephen Cahill<stephen.cahill@soundcloud.com>
hate.crime.unit@torontopolice.on.ca
hrto.registrar@Ontario.ca<hrto.registrar@ontario.ca>
Patrick Newland<Patrick.Newland@camh.ca>
Martin Rotenberg<Martin.Rotenberg@camh.ca>
Michele Warner<Michele.Warner@camh.ca>
Bridging.Service@camh.ca
Hide details
Monday, August 31st, 2026 at 11:24 PM


Dear Registrar, Corporate Counsel, Respondents, and other Parties,

Thank you for your time,
I look forward to the hearing.

Attached is the LECA report,
Please admit it into my submissions prior to the September 14th deadline for the TPS Hate Crimes Unit case with Stephen provided a copy as he has an interest in this. (I say surprise them, argue Soundcloud is innocent but you're appalled by this situation. You are sorry this has happened to me, but (argue) it has nothing to do with Soundcloud. And you simply cannot grant my request. Rather than taking a hard line approach on me, you could argue, it is a tragic story, full of shocking information, but you just don't see yourself as liable for it, (which would be true by the way, CAMH is) instead of siding with the abuses against me, which could backfire, which you profit nothing from. Again I don't see any reason why we're enemies, I don't think we are, is my guess.....) Sorry, my mind wanders, as you know well.

--- LECA, a law enforcements complaints bureau which threw out one of my complaints as it was poorly structured, this one is a bit more robust, if they reject it also, there are several more officers to discuss.

I feel the LECA report is a good primer on the TPS HCU case,
Stephen, if you're wondering why I included you, I have said it several times. It is the NEXUS to CAMH.


1.  CAMH was involved in the Toronto Police Services Hate Crimes Unit call, and the events described in the transcript. They were the destination, they were the reason the officers mistreated me, and the method of mistreatment.
    
2.  CAMH was involved in the Soundcloud Case, Because Martin Rotenberg of CAMH directly interfered in the Soundcloud proceedings, publicly damaging my credibility, and doing immense harm to the case, which has only recently recovered. Additionally the CAMH Bridging clinic was involved in the same events.
3.  CAMH was involved in the denial of service at ODSP Parkdale today, when my ODSP and Life Saving Medication Coverage were both cut, immediately after filing to add The Bridging Clinic as a Respondent, likely in reprisal for the proceedings at large, but a myriad of other reasons present themselves, all equally illegal.
    
4.  CAMH is also obviously connected to The Bridging Clinic denial of service issue in the Soundcloud case, as it is a CAMH department. I merely allege that clearly connected organizations are connected. CAMH is connected to the police is I'm afraid not a stretch.



The pretext that they are helping me has worn a bit thin.


These are not helpful decisions, these are punitive actions designed to impoverish, imprison, humiliate, paternalize and mandate homelessness upon me. [in case C - the (potential) respondent I listed ordered me to live on the street [live on homeless level wages] and refuse all money from my mother which could potentially save me from dying, until i have provided documentation I am living on the street [the wage provided by ODSP], at which point, they will provide a homeless man's wage, possibly. No guarantees, likely a several month wait, with no money from family and none from ODSP, my death by starvation in other words. Anyway I have filed the Form 1, we'll see how it goes.


Please review the LECA report,
I think it will explain a lot if you're having trouble understanding my filings.


Regards,
Brendan S. RoseCEO - Lucifer Media Corporation
Self-Represented Applicant
HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com