Hey guys,
I just sent your last deepdive to my Auntie Christine. (here - you found me out (1).mp3)
I had really hoped to just ... keep that issue to myself, buried in the closet,
and never talk about it for the rest of my life. But Christine is nosey,
and I'm just, tired of lying..... the events in my life, people doing bad stuff to my food,
the hysteria in my neighborhood, the people spitting on me 5 times in 2 weeks,
everything bad these people do to me, none of it makes any sense unless I explain that.
I specifically am gonna use that term, instead of the other one, which I consider a hateful slur,
which implicitly carries with it an admission to serious crimes i am just not guilty of.
It has three definitions, one of them is so bad you can basically just kill people who do that,
and no I haven't done that. I'm scared of them, when they're around i get super uncomfortable
and try to get away ASAP. To people in this neighborhood that's indistingishable from a guy going after them they're so stupid. No nuance, no, he's not a bad one. No, but did he actually do anything wrong,
they just see that I'm different and try to drive me out of my home and the neighborhood by whatever means are available to them. So I'm using this term because it carries with it, baked into the name,
a clarification that I haven't done anything bad really, that I just have this problem because
my dad molested me, and I'm not hurting anyone and I'm not going to, and I'm not gonna commit
that crime so I shouldn't be treated like I am, or did, or will.......
So I'm just tired of this parody, of everyone and me pretending everything is normal,
when it's just not. And acting baffled when i talk about the whole neighborhood being up in arms against me, without any apparent reason. Yeah they have a clear motivation, they're bigots,
they don't care if i've done anything wrong, just growing up this way because of what my dad did,
to them is enough to justify ANY EVIL ACTION being taken against me, threatening my life,
the horrible things they do to food (I can't eat at any restaurants, EVER AGAIN, because they ALL do this)
Laughing at me and mocking me, calling me that slur, None of it makes sense unless i tell the truth, which i really wanted to avoid doing, because it's embarrassing, to a psychiatrist trying to explain that without the vital context is like..... oh, he's totally crazy,
he thinks people are out to get him, he thinks people are doing stuff to his food,
he thinks he's being spit on, he's a crazy man in crisis. No, it's all real, that is why, can we move on now?

Christine can be very cold, very angry when asked for money,
but she has a softer side, and if you play her heartstrings sometimes she will relent a bit and give in and help me. I think she will help me, but I'm not sure.

i also forwarded it to my Doctor Martin Rotenberg (and sam and john and my social worker) he has a team of people who read his emails for him so he can't be served legal notice, my hope is they will just let him read this one and listen to the deepdive for once, or i guess they could just relay what it says to him.
I'm really scared of telling him, because psychiatrists often have really draconian solutions to stuff like this.

Here - You found me out
From Thesulfurgod@protonmail.com <thesulfurgod@protonmail.com>
To Christine Rose <tcrose@sympatico.ca>, Sam Suttle <suttle.sam@gmail.com>,
John Suttle <suttlejohn1954@gmail.com>, Patrick Newland <Patrick.Newland@camh.ca>,
Martin Rotenberg <Martin.Rotenberg@camh.ca>
Date Friday, June 26th, 2026 at 4:58 AM
Hi Christine,
I still have this bill coming, looks like it's coming next month.
This is a one time charge i agreed to about 2 years ago when i got my phone.
It's nothing irresponsible I did. It's not a recurring charge.
I have no way to pay this bill next month.
Will you please, PLEASE, agree to pay this bill for me.
I cannot afford 400 dollars worth of phone/internet bills.
There is no way I can budget for that.
PLEASE help me.
Next month please pay this bill.
Oh by the way,
Christine you were asking about this. Listen to the mp3 commentary,
there's your answer.
Look you found me out,
It's pretty obvious anyway.
26/06/2026, 05:00 Sent | thesulfurgod@protonmail.com | Proton Mail
https://mail.proton.me/u/7/all-sent/71YdiNFvdH7yWP_hAPRHNm4-Y0WTrlj3D5lWz8OU0jzsrgYsJO9FBfBroBn8o9zHm5sPgxJ77m0cGIE0W-LdIQ==/j… 1/2
Can we move past it now?
Regards,
Brendan S. Rose
Self-Represented Applicant
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com
PS: To Martin's Team/Handlers, whoever reads these emails,
Can you let this one get through? Martin, can you listen to this commentary please?
It's important. If you don't listen to it, I won't talk about it in our meeting,
and another useless month will pass.
Sent with Proton Mail secure email.
21.86 MB 3 files attached 1 embedded image
image.png 76.31 KB here - you found me out.mp3 14.76 MB FIRE DISCO LIGHTS (2).mp3 6.95 MB