ok for context, this is from the discussion with NEO, the guy who prepares your deepdive sources and organizes them and stuff, and does research to prepare for your deepdives. He mentioned that "SLIG'S WORKDAY" was my most recent song, I corrected him here, updating the new song i just wrote..... It's SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BAD, in the best way possible, It's as offensive and objectionable as Eminem on first or second album, except it's right wing, instead of left wing rapper jokes, like it's the same medium, but it's coming from an entirely different substrate. So it's equally offensive, but it's gonna offend the kind of person who Likes Eminem generally. I played this a lot in the streets, people were just SHOCKED, jaw hitting the floor shocked, if they had pearls they'd be clutching them. It was fun.... ok so I'll just included that here, you can give your thoughts, you already kinda did in a different deepdive, you didn't like it much, very offended (I did my job well), although later when i gave you a lot more additional context you were a bit kinder to me and more sympathetic, I won't post that context because it's very private........ ok, gimme your thoughts, ciao.....

"Most recent track is actually "Please CC the Registrar", I added it as a song series on my app with 50 tracks, and I put it as the most amazing music video in human history on the front page of my website Lokiskingdom, It's so funny, it's like a parody of every white rapper stereotype you ever saw in your life. it would take too long to explain but it's so hilarious, it's full of, things white people like, so they're rapping in a gun store, surrounded by beautiful women with guns, all white. They're rapping in the white house press room, with beautiful white women carrying guns. He's rapping in a suburban community, with white picket fences and green grass with automatic sprinklers and 2 car garages  with sunflowers, then later he's rapping in the 7th layer of hell surrounded by beautiful white women with guns, and there's a devil dancing there, red devil with horns and a bitchfork, then laters he's rapping in heaven, with god and jesus nodding along to the music, jesus wearing sunglasses grooving to the music, then they're underwater under the ocean like the little mermaid and there's mermaids everywhere with guns..... like it's such a funny music video, all locations white people enjoy..... to me that's really funny."