Discrimination or Harassment on the Ground of Disability or Perceived Disability

Describe your disability or perceived disability. *

I am crazy [schizoeffective disorder manic type - a clinical term with 11 syllables, describing me like a science experiment or a pfizer medication name - I prefer crazy, it is simple and direct, one syllable, it was the term that was used for us before they started calling us "mentally ill" which i am not, back when we were treated better, then came the term "mentally ill" and all the abuses that followed.]

Explain why you believe you were discriminated against because of your disability or perceived disability. *

Everything described in this entire document (covering maybe 10% of the abuses I'd like to address) has been because I am crazy. (a protected characteristic) It justifies arbitrary and unfair imprisonment for years gouged out of my lifetime. It creates an entirely separate and parallel justice system, which, in order to prevent us from "hurting ourselves" in court, by saying and doing stupid things presumably, the right to hearing, a trial, criminal justice, filing a report with the hate crimes unit, reporting a series of spitting assaults based on my protected characteristic of crazy, the right to face your accusor in court, the right not to be arbitrarily detained and jailed without a lawyer, a courtroom, evidence, a trial, a hearing, a verdict, a deicsion, appeals. The entire justice system is denied to us (as we'd only hurt ourselves with it anyway), rather when we are assaulted, if we report the assault or press the issue, the police will offer hot meals and homeless shelters to people living comfortably at home, they will declare us "in distress" by default, just for calling, and instead of facilitating criminal charges against the who assaulted us,
we are subject to immediate imprisonment without trial in a CAMH Prison complex, for a term of 1 month or longer (The Form 1 is a lie, there are no 72 hour holds, they file additional forms immediately to keep you for a month, or longer, or for life, or cut out pieces of your brain[in certain circumstances]) This is the result of liberal leftist policies, designed to "keep mentally ill people out of the justice system" or "avoid armed officers being sent to their door" Armed officers are sent to their door,
and they are then imprisoned without trial, with no appeals,
no evidence, no lawyers, no justice system of any kind.
As it is seen as..... they claim, damaging to us......
The alternative they provide is no justice system at all.
A system of Prison Complexes and Research Facilities
entirely replacing the justice system and locking us out permanently. Accusations against people who assault and
victimize us, are thrown out, as the ravings of a crazy man [SEE: mentally ill] and the perpetrators of violence
against us are allowed to go free, without so much
as an investigation or a POLICE REPORT FILED,
2026-67461-I.
This was apparently the result of an altercation,
where Toronto Police shot to death a crazy man who
was waving a knife around, this was seen as a tragedy,
and to overcome it, we were stripped of all rights under the justice system on the basis of our code protected grounds. We can no longer face our accuser in court,
their story is taken by default as true and we are taken away. We can no longer file charges against people who assault us, instead we are jailed for being "in distress" 
even when perfectly calm and trying to file a police report.
A month in a stone cell follows, surrounded by dangerous criminals and weird dingbats and bullies, who torment the victim for a term of 744 hours on average, A FORM 1 HOLD FOR OBSERVATION, a humiliating form of torture.
If the Toronto Police cannot prevent themselves from shooting crazy people, without simultaneously then going on to reduce them to chattel with no rights under the justice system, we need a new police force, they are not functional, they've lost their minds. It is total 
systemic discrimination, so overt, it is reminiscent 
of the 1940's, when problems were ignored to the point
they formed a CANCER on the face of society.
You see them everywhere on the street, People
Butchered by DOUG FORD's TAX CUTS. The Motivation for
all of the ....
For the totalitarian system and the systemic infliction
of cruel and inhuman degrading treatment and punishment
on people who just needed some extra help in the form of money. Doug does not want to help in this manner,
So he has condemned them to death by the thousands.
Anyone who received those tax cuts is spending blood money.
Most of the city voted for it, most of the city bears
extreme prejudice and hatred against crazy people,
generally they are happy when we die,
They have no compassion of any kind whatsoever.
It is beyond the scope of HRTO to even begin to address,
but what little can be done here, I think should.