(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

(0:06 - 1:36)
Thank you for calling Shoppers Drug Mart King in Tecumseh. Open today until 10 p.m. I'm sorry, 9 is not a valid option. At times, I have waited on hold with the police for four hours in situations like this.

(1:37 - 3:21)
Just to prove you're not taking that call. Uh, someone briefly picked up and then put me on hold again. I will wait 15 hours if you make me.

(3:22 - 4:18)
Answer the phone, please. I have been on hold for four minutes. They are doing this intentionally.

(4:28 - 4:43)
They picked up the phone briefly... Good afternoon, Shoppers Drug Mart. Hi, uh, is this the manager? Uh, no. Is this the pharmacy? Uh, no, this is not pharmacy.

(4:43 - 5:21)
Please put me through to the pharmacy. Yeah, just be on hold. Your call is important to us. 

Please stay on the line and someone will be with you shortly. The Shoppers Beauty Top Picks event is on now. Discover! Shoppers Pharmacy, how can I help you? Hi, is this the person in charge of the pharmacy? This is the pharmacy. 

Um, who are you looking for? What's your name? My name's Cushy. Are you the lady I talked to before? I don't think so, no. Sorry.

(5:23 - 6:15)
Oh, um, well, I... Who have I been emailing with? Someone's been emailing me today. Can I talk to her? Oh, she's the owner. She's not in today. 

She'll be here on Monday. Can I talk to you about this? I'm not a pharmacist, but yeah, I can see if I can help you. I have requested medicine delivery. 

Will you give me the same service you give everybody else? Yeah, of course, um... Today? What day is this? Sorry? Oh, we don't deliver on weekends to anyone. Is it the weekend? Yeah. Oh, I see. 

That's why you've been saying that. So you'll give me medicine delivery five days a week, but you won't accommodate my request for medicine on the weekend. Is it an undue burden to you? Um, it's our delivery, so it's contracted from outside.

(6:15 - 6:26)
They don't work on weekends. Why can't you provide it on weekends? Because the delivery drivers don't work on weekends. They need a couple of days off a week.

(6:27 - 6:42)
So you'd argue it's an undue burden? I'm not arguing anything. I'm just telling you what we do and what we can't do, so we can't deliver for anyone on the weekend. Okay, so my accommodation for medicine delivery on the weekend is considered an undue burden.

(6:44 - 7:23)
Um, what about the rest of the five days a week? Will you give me medicine five days a week, deliver it in my mailbox, and an email when it arrives? Um, that's something the owner can confirm with you. I'm not interested in being passed around to the next day or two so that you can say the same thing in a week. Sorry, I don't control anything here. 

I'm just an assistant, so I can't make these decisions. Will you provide me medicine delivery five days a week, the same service you provide everybody else? Yes or no? Why is that a question? You provide this service to everyone! Why are you not providing it to me? She hangs up the phone.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)