WITHOUT PREJUDICE - Private and Confidential Settlement Talks - Brendan Rose - 2026-67461-I (HATE CRIMES UNIT)
From
Stored with zero-access encryption
Thesulfurgod@protonmail.com<thesulfurgod@protonmail.com>
Star message
JUSTICE FOR ALL
Has 1 attachment (210.68 KB)
11:49 PMThursday, September 24th, 2026 at 11:49 PM
To
Molly Lowson<Molly.Lowson@toronto.ca>
Hide details
Thursday, September 24th, 2026 at 11:49 PM

Hello Molly,

Sorry about the pile of Judge Dredd Comics on the table.
I got frustrated because I realized I cannot report a crime against me
without it turning into a wellness check. I literally can't report crimes,
you just turn it against me, with the potential for a month hard time in CAMH.

So obviously I was upset about that (but not distressed)

Anyway we're here to talk terms.

I've given hard deals to some and easy deals to others,
I'm giving an easy deal to you.

It's good until I decide it's no good anymore,
at which case a new deal or none supercedes it.

Only good if signed.

[Grok would have to work out the details,
this is just a rough explanation of terms,
for a full signed deal we'll have to negotiate
terms, assuming we get that far.]

TERMS: (overall)

	A) $50,000 to end the TPS Hate Crimes Unit Case.

	B) Mutal NDA's and Mutual Non-disparagement for 5 or 10 years

That is all, terms to do with the transfer of funds (Funds clear before withdrawl, etc)
and other stuff like that we iron out if you say yes to this.

I think the chances of that are pretty low,
and the second i get more leverage this deal is defunct.

So make what you want of that.

Sorry again about the Judge Dredd thing.
Try to explain to them I just wanted to report a crime,
and the dredd comics were just frustration as i realized a wellness check was inevitable.

(call that off if possible)

Ok,
Have a good day Molly,

Hope you're doing well,

Sorry you gotta deal with the world of problems being these chucklehead's lawyer brings......
(No liability admitted there, I think the cops are chuckleheads, you just automatically discriminate against me by process, you legalized all crimes against me because
police reports are instantly converted with magic into wellness checks
[Please do not tell people in my neighborhood this, if they fully understand the situation
they will escalate and commit worse crimes against me once they realize I have no protection.])

Anyway, Tell Dredd to take it easy on me when he gets here if i seem sane, I probably am.

Congratulations,
Brendan S. Rose (∞)
CEO, Lucifer Media Corporation
Director, EUR€CORP
EUR€CORP, a division of Lucifer Media Corporation
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com
www.lokiskingdom.com

[EUROCORP LOGO]

[Sent with Proton Mail Secure Email. Stored with Zero Access Encryption]


148.18 KB
2 files attached
Download all attachments


WITHOUT PREJUDICE - Private and Confidential Settlement Talks - Brendan Rose - 2026-67461-I (HATE CRIMES UNIT) .pdf
105.73 KB

105.73 KB


image1790308126032
42.46 KB

42.46 KB