hey just some extra context,
you thought Diane Versache was my psychiatrist, hah, not likely,
Diane Versache is the manager at the floor where my psychiatrist works,
so she well outranks him, my Form 1's have gotten so out of hand
from her perspective that she has to do something about it,
unfortunately all her favorite tools are not available to her right now,
as just shoving me in a box would likely hurt her case at this point
rather than discredit me, it would look punitive, like she is
just punishing the suit.

So she has to deal with me, unfortunately I'm not playing ball,
I'm ditching an in person meeting or a phonecall, which is the only
way they communicate for legal purposes, yes this has escalated
well beyond one individual doctor, I'm suing Patrick, my social worker
for once, which is why she wants to talk to me, I'm also suing
CAMH PROPER (pre-service), CAMH Proper in a different case (potentially impacted party
rather than a respondant), I've tried to rope in my doctor in a different case,
though not directly connected to them, they're not happy about ODSP parkdale
getting named, and furthermore I'm trying to bring in the BRIDGING CLINIC,
so it's a full roster of cases against her institution,
which is why offered her a moratorium if they'll agree not
bust me anymore for bullshit, for trivia.

So yes, that's a BIG PROBLEM for any manager, and she's going to want
to get on the phone with me and probably threaten me,
she won't want to do this in an email. So this a little more complex
than just "my psychiatrist wants to talk in person"
"my psychiatrist is too afraid to talk to me and the manager wants to discuss it
with me" would be more accurate. Lawsuits are flying around left right
and center, it's total chaos for them, and that's a good thing for me.
I benefit from the chaos, and it's their job to shut it down.

They can't just boot me out, would look terrible at HRTO,
even murderous, but letting me run around is definitely considered
"not a good option", however shoving me in a ward,
as I told her, is just going to make more lawsuits.

So they have a real bind, and I am becoming a very dangerous person
for them who they're going to have to do something about,
I've started recording calls with them in violation of their policy
that doesn't apply to me as i'm not a CAMH employee,
I'm Canadian Citizen with the right to first party consent,
which they're now learning very rapidly is a big problem for them.
All their usual tactics are falling to pieces.

I have 7 big cases at HRTO
HRTO File 2026-68924-I (KINGSTON ROAD CONDO BOARD) 2026-67265-I (SOUNDCLOUD) 2026-67461-I (HATE CRIMES UNIT) 2026-68857-I (CAMH) 2026-68924-I (ODSP PARKDALE : POLITICAL) 2026-69006-I (EMAN AND PATRICK NEWLAND) and now a 7th against Suno, a pure speech case (which I'll do more of now)
where I get to litigate a lot of things that had been bothering me lately.

I have become a person to contend with, a powerful and dangerous personality around CAMH
which they're learning they must respect. Their usual tools, Patrick's phone form 1 he tried to pull with that false arrest, blew up in his face instead of stopping me,
and now they have a nasty suit on their hands in that case.

Yes, I am becoming a dangerous man.

Please also review: Kawaii_Aerisita_Performs_BRENDAN ROSE AND THE DEADLY DMCA [full and final](short).mp3
and : LIGHT IS ALL YOU CAN SEE (4).mp3