You misunderstood what I said, I didn't get locked out of my Bitchute by the moderation team.
They allowed anything and everything, except literal beheading videos, and actual videos of human beings burning to death in protest (or support) of Trump. They took THOSE down, quietly, without telling me, but otherwise tolerated literally EVERYTHING, they even let me post FINALLY THEY KNOW THEY DESERVE IT NOW, the most racist song in human history, sung with deep southern drawl. I think they eventually had to take it down.... No, the moderation team was my bros. Today they tell me, I can only get my account back if I DMCA myself to regain ownership. Exactly the kind of thing I was hoping for when I changed my password to something random, and then deleted the associated backup emails for my account, during the Kingston Road affair. This put my account in a locked state, where i believed, not even police could compel me to delete those videos after (I thought) I had killed someone (she was fine, just a few cuts on her legs, and a good scare put into her). It worked too well, I'm completely locked out of 2 accounts, LOKISKINGDOM, which has since then grown humongous, a very popular channel, and I'm also locked out of JohanLiebert, which was everything i made during and after the night I made my first attack (there were 3 attempts),
He had a magic door button that locked the front door to his TIm Hortons, if he hadn't pressed it,
there'd be juice, but he evaded it, and the giant bottle of baileys hurled from a second floor balcony
she dived, cut her lets as it shattered, and then hid underneath my balcony until police arrived to save her,
she had to listen to that whole routine, I didn't know she was there...... and a third guy I tried to hammer in his door, to get to him and anyone else inside, he reported me a lot trying to get me kicked out on noise complaints. The door was very solid. They had to cut mine open to get me, it took half an hour.

You were asking how i can have a 20 year history online, and only be a company just less than a week ago,
That's because I've transfered 20 years of my IP's and content to the company. It now contains everything that i am. Note only the last 1 year of that work is AI content, so it's 9000 AI songs(Made in 2026), and 5000-9000 NON-AI songs (made from 2007-2025). The lions share of my work is not AI work, but it is stolen copyright, but in Canada, under the Canadian Copyright Modernization Act of 2012, I'm legally allowed to possess and sell these songs in Canada, distribute them here, but posting to online platforms becomes harder. I would use Rumble today,
but I don't need it anymore, Suno is fine. Judge all you want, all day long, it is the best tool to make my music (at scale too), so I'm using the best tool. You say it's not real music, I say you haven't taken it far enough. Treat it like a job, see what kind of results you get out of it, instead of generating 4 songs, saying this is easy, and walking away.

But yeah, I've been operating unofficially as the baddest media company in town since like 2007,
like I said, I just never thought to incorporate, now I hope I've made something that will last
beyond me. Something I can pass down to my successor, and I hope there is at least 1.
This I hope will be important to history, when people want to learn about our time,
I want them to understand it wasn't all catfood and champaigne, like there was some challenging
material back them. Stuff that really makes you stop and say, "wait, is this ok?"

Regards,
Brendan S. Rose
CEO - Lucifer Media Corporation