Deepdive, one thing i should clarify. I am not currently, or at least USUALLY living on 150 bucks a month, or at all right now. That was the Kingston Road Budget. My current budget is more liveable, I bought a blue suit this month for court, and i didn't have my secondary food budget. My aunt Christine gives me 150 dollars on friday, and except for this month, i generally put an additional 700 into the budget,
giving me another 175 on mondays, which is still not a lot, but it's survivable.
I must make clear to you I am not living on the Kingston Road budget, all day everyday all year long for the last 4 years since these events occurred, if i was on that budget still I'd be dead.
End of story. On my budget, I live. Sam covers rent, and I get to keep most of my ODSP (1600 now, it's increased), i put 700 of that into the food budget, so i have 900, and then I owe my landlord 200 for cleaning, and i owe an additional 150 for Internet and cellphone, and then my Google Notebook LM subscription takes 30, Protondrive/Protonmail takes 30, Soundcloud takes 20, etc, etc.....
If I'm lucky I have 500 bucks a month spending money at the end of the month,
and hopefully have put money in the budget. I am not on death level critical mass money
as you thought i was....... However, I am still often without enough for food,
money disappears, bills come in, i buy things occassionally, often I need to stock my addictions,
so I'm ---- today I got 150 for 3 days on the weekend, but I buy 10 bucks worth of pizza and a root beer,
because I'm fuckin starving with a migrane headache and can't wait to bring groceries home,
I spend 30 on half an ounce of weed. I spend 20 on a bottle of wine, (I need it today) I buy milk for 8 dollars,
I buy a meal for 9 dollars. Suddenly my 150 dollars is now 75 for 3 days, but what am i gonna do? I'm having hunger migranes, WE JUST HAD "THIS" CONVERSION, I NEED "ALL" the WINE, no weed, go insane.....
Yeah unfortunate I'm food insecure now, and I gotta pay my Soundcloud now or they might delete all my tracks, so..... 55 for 3 days food. Now imagine a surprise bill comes, and I'm expected to do laundry too.....
See the problem. Sam calls this bad budgeting, I call it reality calling. And when I'm in an emergency,
Sam doesn't help, he lectures. "you should be able to get by on 150 for 3 days" and then refuses to help any further..... see the problem???? I am often without food, because of shit like this......
John didn't say let the police charge my pregnant wife, by the way,
he told me to call the police, when she was smashing things, it was still my fault for calling, but he helped,
then pretended it was ALL my fault, when HIM, SAM, JIALIN, THE POLICE, THE CROWN, all kinds of people contributed. But every one of them blames me 100%, no one else steps up and says, hey, sorry, maybe i contributed to this, I'm gonna try to make it right, instead all 5 parties just put 100% of blame on me....

anyway here's my email.

Your feduciary duty
From Thesulfurgod@protonmail.com <thesulfurgod@protonmail.com>
To Sam Suttle <suttle.sam@gmail.com>, John Suttle <suttlejohn1954@gmail.com>
Date Friday, June 26th, 2026 at 8:02 AM
Sam,
I understand Sam, that your feduciary duty, it to starve me to death
and ruin my life, completely, to the point suicide seems like a beautiful escape,
in order to help my mom, I'm actually expected to love.
Or, you are at risk of civil liability, should the FAMILY
choose to sue you.
....
Do you see the problem, Sam?
Look man, I'll promise you Sam, if you relent on this torture you impose
for your feduciary duty, I won't tell my dad you did it, so he won't sue,
and i bet Aine is too insane to sue, the only family left is me,
I PROMISE I WILL NOT SUE YOU FOR GIVING ME ENOUGH MONEY
TO END THE TORTURE THAT MAKES SUICIDE SEEM LIKE A DREAM.
No one's gonna sue you, you damn idiot.
You raped away my pregnant wife with terror and abuse and chased her off forever,
You almost fuckin' killed me. Tortured me so bad I will never smile again.
And your one thing on your stupid fuckin mind......
What if Brendan sues me for helping him?
Tell me this is not what's in your fuckin head.
Regards,
Brendan S. Rose
Self-Represented Applicant
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com
Sent with Proton Mail secure email.
26/06/2026, 08:02 Sent | thesulfurgod@protonmail.com | Proton Mail