BURN THE INVESTIGATION
by EFSMB

DISCLAIMER:
I like the police, the Toronto Cops do a good job,
They're good cops, they run a good city,
and they've been nothing but fair to me in tough situations.
The following song was written when i was not fully medicated, and believed myself to be some kind of "KING",
It is full paranoia about the police, if any of my friends in the cops find this, don't feel bad, I like you,
I am only posting this because it is funny.
I am not to my knowledge the mob boss currently.

[Intro]
[distorted synth bass, bit-crushed percussion]

You're saying you're on the killers side?
in front of a police officer, do you understand what that means?

YES,
you say.

...

I see.

...

Wait here a sec.

Do you remember this?

It's the threatening letter that got sent to your house
I accidentally forgot to forward this to forensics,
i'm sure it was just a prank but maybe it was related to the murders,
who knows this might be the piece of evidence to turn this whole case upside down.
the real killer wouldn't want the police to have this,

but you're with me right?

and if i'm the real killer and you're with me,
that makes me your partner in crime, isn't that right?
It's a lighter
If I send this to forensics they might pull some evidence off it
Maybe a clue to catching the real killer
You, your friends, and Dojima-san have all been busting your asses for a whole year to solve this case
It's a damn shame you haven't caught the real killer yet
Well, Adachi is staring at you,
If you burn the lighter you will destroy the one piece of proof that exists
It would have been a betrayal of everything that happened over the last year
You set fire to it

[Chorus]
[heavy distorted guitar enters, aggressive vocals]
Motherfuckin' dirty as dogshit whores
Okay guys, now we're gonna have a walk and a talk
Okay, so, well, this is uh my true voice
It's the one I found one day, man
It's the one I'm choosing today, man
Usually when I'm done with my dumb routine with paparazzi I just see the fucking police again, man
Usually at home I'm doing this voice
If I'm planning in my head I'm definitely in this voice, man
So I'm thinking like, where are we taking this, man?
Oh please God, my number, I've done the big value
Don't give a damn about you
Go fuck yourself, go fuck yourself with your value, dude, get out
Get out of my town with your shit, man
What you run, you fucking stupid, stupid goddamn 250 grand man
Get fucking lost, man, get your dumb gang out of my town, you dumbass fucking cop, man

like my god you're dumb
i think we've identified the two enemies of the movement
it's twofold two cards man, number one enemy of the movement
goddamn stupid homeless people who gonna kill me for goddamn  nothing man when i would actually help them and they're mad about what you did to them instead and they wanna kill me! who would help em, this is the stupid person, it's the stupid person that i'm afraid of, cuz he got nothing to live for and
he's already in your concentration camp dying
and he don't give a damn about his friends and family
he got none he's homeless, fuck
so he's walkin through life and he just sees me, he looks at me, he pulls out his knife he's got the element of surprise 
boom, yeah look at that.....

he kills the LORD!!!!!
THE LORD DIES AT THE HANDS OF THIS HOMELESS, RETARD!!!!!

That's card 1,
other one we got is a little more annoying man actually infinitely more annoying and the reason we got homeless retards at all not the security detail have to shoot you if you come near the fuckin' king!

It's your dumbass stupid cops, man.

Dumbass stupid fuckin' police man.

Stupid stupid fuckin' cops man.

Yeah you know what you do when you're arresting any girl who comes near me cuz you're trying to gain information for your dumb investigation on me that goes nowhere man cuz i am untouchable i am uninvolved in everything i am ignorant man, deal with it i'm ignorant as shit, man, i don't know shit about none of this shit, stop questioning everyone who talks to me-----

no worse man
yeah probably you are talking to people who walking by me and you probably find everything you want, man

fuck you
fuckin burn that fuckin shit

better burn the fuckin shit you got on me there

there's just those people you got in prisons man

when i'm king they're coming out of the prisons and you're going in

those men you got in prison man on the shit they done for me man

when i'm king they're coming out of the prisons and you're going in man

and you're going in man

then you're going into prisons man

you're going in man

then you're going in man

at that point cops they're coming outta prison you're going into prisons man

hello cop
hello cop
you're going into prison man

burn the investigation just throw it in the garbage hope i don't find it one day man

hope i don't find the investigation one day
burn the investigation man

stop taking girls on dates man

stop it man
stop it man

oh no you're still doing it man

goodbye whore

oh look you're still doing it man

goodbye whore

oh look you're still doing it man

goodbye whore

fuckoff whore

get lost whore

fuck off whore

goodbye whore

fuckoff whore

fuckoff whore

goodbye cop

goodbye whore

goodbye cop 

goodbye whore

goodbye cop

goodbye whore

goodbye cop

goodbye whore

goodbye cop

goodbye whore

oop oop oop we're gonna do it some more,

oh look its sad
we're doing it some more
we did it so many times the rebellion won I'm King oops!

burn the investigation
now
hope i don't find it i will my friend i will

your friends will rat you out just to get a less bad fuckin kill

they're all coming out of prison man

and you're all going in man

that's right they're all going outta prison man

and you're all going in

you stupid dumbass cops, when i am king

they're all coming outta prison man

and you're going in,

they're all going outta prison man

and you're going in my prison man!

they're all coming outta prison dude

and you're going in my prison then!

they're all coming outta prison cop

and you're going in man

we'll make some of them the prison guards man

the low level ones there are guards for you man

anyway anyway anyway they're coming outta prison you're going in man

they're coming out prison soon 

you're going in, man

they're coming outta prison very soon man

you're going in very soon man

you're going in prison very soon man

you're going in man

you're going in

you're going into prison very soon man

you're going into prison really soon man

you're going into prison really soon man

but when we're done we're comin out man

when we're done we're comin outta the fuckin prison man

and the cops are going fuckin on in, man

the cops are going into fuckin prison if we failed let's put their fuckin' grandchildren in 

if we failed to get the cops today
and the cops win that fuckin day man
the next time we're comin to put their grandchildren in prison
we're going to put their grand fucking children in prison
and we'll have a gen no side on the children of the cops
we'll have a gen no side on the grand children to the tenth generation, son. We'll wipe out the seed of every cops family for eternity we'll feast on the lines of the cops!

but maybe dude
maybe dude
maybe we're gonna win

and all those people comin outta prison
and you're going in 

all those people are coming outta your prison
and you're going in mine man

You're going in my prison cop,
you're going in mine man

A BURNING SMELL PERMEATES THE ROOM
AHAHAHAHAHA
You actually did it
do you understand what you just did?
You destroyed evidence,
that's a crime you know!
HAHAHAHAHA