BURN THE INVESTIGATION
by EFSMB

DISCLAIMER:
I HAVE NO PROBLEM WITH THE TORONTO POLICE
I LIKE THEM, THEY DO A GOOD JOB, THEY'RE HEROES.
THIS WAS MADE IN 2024, WHEN I THOUGHT I WAS A KING DICTATOR
WHO JUST WON THE REBELLION, AND OF COURSE MY REACTION THE PRETENDERS WAS MERCILESS, ORDERING THEN DESTROYED TO THE 10TH GENERATION.

BUT NOTHING HAPPENED......

I POST THIS ONLY BECAUSE IT IS FUNNY, COP, I LIKE YOU, RELAX
I WILL SAY THIS, YOU CAN BE OVERSENSITIVE, I WORRY I WILL HURT YOUR FEELINGS WITH THIS.
----------------------------------------

DISCLAIMER 2:
I like the police, the Toronto Cops do a good job,
They're good cops, they run a good city,
and they've been nothing but fair to me in tough situations.
The following song was written when i was not fully medicated, and believed myself to be some kind of "KING",
It is full paranoia about the police, if any of my friends in the cops find this, don't feel bad, I like you,
I am only posting this because it is funny.
I am not to my knowledge the mob boss currently.

[Intro]

You're saying you're on the killers side?
in front of a police officer, do you understand what that means?

YES,
you say.

...

I see.

...

Wait here a sec.

Do you remember this?

It's the threatening letter that got sent to your house
I accidentally forgot to forward this to forensics,
i'm sure it was just a prank but maybe it was related to the murders,
who knows this might be the piece of evidence to turn this whole case upside down.
the real killer wouldn't want the police to have this,

but you're with me right?

and if i'm the real killer and you're with me,
that makes me your partner in crime, isn't that right?
It's a lighter
If I send this to forensics they might pull some evidence off it
Maybe a clue to catching the real killer
You, your friends, and Dojima-san have all been busting your asses for a whole year to solve this case
It's a damn shame you haven't caught the real killer yet
Well, Adachi is staring at you,
If you burn the lighter you will destroy the one piece of proof that exists
It would have been a betrayal of everything that happened over the last year
You set fire to it

[Chorus]
[heavy distorted guitar enters, aggressive vocals]
Motherfuckin' dirty as dogshit whores
Okay guys, now we're gonna have a walk and a talk
Okay, so, well, this is uh my true voice
It's the one I found one day, man
It's the one I'm choosing today, man
Usually when I'm done with my dumb routine with paparazzi I just see the fucking police again, man
Usually at home I'm doing this voice
If I'm planning in my head I'm definitely in this voice, man
So I'm thinking like, where are we taking this, man?
Oh please God, my number, I've done the big value
Don't give a damn about you
Go fuck yourself, go fuck yourself with your value, dude, get out
Get out of my town with your shit, man
What you run, you fucking stupid, stupid goddamn 250 grand man
Get fucking lost, man, get your dumb gang out of my town, you dumbass fucking cop, man

like my god you're dumb
i think we've identified the two enemies of the movement
it's twofold two cards man, number one enemy of the movement
goddamn stupid homeless people who gonna kill me for goddamn  nothing man when i would actually help them and they're mad about what you did to them instead and they wanna kill me! who would help em, this is the stupid person, it's the stupid person that i'm afraid of, cuz he got nothing to live for and
he's already in your concentration camp dying
and he don't give a damn about his friends and family
he got none he's homeless, fuck
so he's walkin through life and he just sees me, he looks at me, he pulls out his knife he's got the element of surprise 
boom, yeah look at that.....

he kills the LORD!!!!!
THE LORD DIES AT THE HANDS OF THIS HOMELESS, RETARD!!!!!

That's card 1,
other one we got is a little more annoying man actually infinitely more annoying and the reason we got homeless retards at all not the security detail have to shoot you if you come near the fuckin' king!

It's your dumbass stupid cops, man.

Dumbass stupid fuckin' police man.

Stupid stupid fuckin' cops man.

Yeah you know what you do when you're arresting any girl who comes near me cuz you're trying to gain information for your dumb investigation on me that goes nowhere man cuz i am untouchable i am uninvolved in everything i am ignorant man, deal with it i'm ignorant as shit, man, i don't know shit about none of this shit, stop questioning everyone who talks to me-----

no worse man
yeah probably you are talking to people who walking by me and you probably find everything you want, man

fuck you
fuckin burn that fuckin shit

better burn the fuckin shit you got on me there

there's just those people you got in prisons man

when i'm king they're coming out of the prisons and you're going in

those men you got in prison man on the shit they done for me man

when i'm king they're coming out of the prisons and you're going in man

and you're going in man

then y