I am sending you one of each of my new songs.
I am sending only the most relevant.
I am sending you my best.

First, I would like to tackle the puzzle of
the violent elements in SIMULATION THEORY.

Why does it go from heady topics like the nature
of reality, and whether reality is an illusion or real,
(Great religions and philosophies have hinted at this
for millennia.) to verses about violence murder and killing,

Part of it is just my nature, I like violent art, sexual art,
stuff like that, but it's more than that, something was calling me
to add those lines, and I think it's just that, reality, the ultimate
reality bearing down on us from above, works it's machinations such that
life imparts a lesson, whatever you are doing. If you are not learning a lesson
of some sort that day you are not paying attention to your surroundings.
And as such, life often imparts on some too many lessons for them to bear,
often they do not survive the process. When an invading army swarms through
a city, and the city is left in smouldering ruins when it is done,
each individual act of destruction is a lesson, a story,
in 10,000 people die in a city, that is 10,000 stories,
you may not see them all but they are there buried in the carnage,
reality is often harsh, it teaches with an iron rod, and good fortune
is taken from one and given to another, and vise versa.

I just meant to explain that the dual nature of reality, the meanings 
it has on offer, are not always pleasant, and not always evil,
reality will teach you lessons, good bad painful pleasant and neutral,
and you derive meaning from what it teaches.

But ultimately reality is an illusion, to call it a computer program
is probably like calling it a wheel, in complexity, it is operating
on higher levels, call it the simulation, call it reality is an illusion,
call it an illusory self created from bad karma, fine, call it the shdows
on the cave's walls, fine, call it Yadabeoth created this realm as prison
to deceive our souls with a false reality, fine, same thing.

Ultimately I just formalized it, if you believe in any of the concepts I just
mentioned there, then you are a worshipper of the glass jar, the higher reality
above us that we cannot see, the ultimate reality. If you want to call that heaven,
that's fine too, you worship the glass jar.