A few things here,
First I've uploaded a broader cross section of my works,
included now is 
17 - Empowered Feminist Stole My Baby - PEWDIEPIE.mp3 (circa 2022 - Chinatown Wars Arc)
Tell me, have I calmed down since then? The pure energy of this thing,
It is hell bent in the middle of a guy who thinks he's a threat, about to do damage he thinks,
and at the end of November 2022, I tried. During a period of extended mental breakdown
over 3 months due to lack of medication, and months of starvation, I tried.
I was hospitalized, and no one was seriously hurt, for this guy's credit, he did try something.

Now we have my romantic indulgences in Skinday Service and The Sprite Tonight, 
Basically it's a fantasy. I'm sitting in my room fantasizing and imagining things,
You know, what an artist was supposed to be. This guy is more like a soldier who sings.

Also included is a retrospective on ALAS IN WONDERLAND (circa November 2025), which contains the base song.
I admit I'm kinda proud of this, even though it's just another fantasy, I feel there's something real about it,
a raw energy you can't get anywhere else. Real rock, hard rock, rock to make your balls drop.

We included ARKHAM ASYLUM FOR GOOD JOKER series (circa November 2025), 4 songs, 2 songs and 2 commentary/analysis. It discusses that incident, in 2022, the point of the song, was literally that none of the box B
criteria for long term committal worked for me and I was a good candidate for a CTO, it worked, that's what they
did, I earned my release, and had a CTO that expired, whenever, I didn't try to go off my meds against until 
Feb 2024, the last time I ever abandoned them. I finally stopped destroying my life, just because i did it enough times that i finally made the connection, going off meds equals train wreck in my life every time, i thought i didn't need the meds and the condition was madeup, and i hated them for it, but after enough experiments i finally clued in, no it's real, and I stopped trying to go off them. Life has been peaceful blissful since then, no problems ever since. I even released a videogame, LUCIFERIANISM, designed in Unreal Engine 5.4, 300 levels, a huge interconnected open world, released on Steam in Summer 2025 and Epic in Feb 2025. Which was always a life goal of mine, to release a commerical grade 3d Action RPG.

Also included is THE FIDDLER'S FALLEN,
a song about Kingston Road, the place I was staying at during that incident mentioned in the paragraph about PEWDIEPIE. It reminisces about it, I pine over my thoughts on the matter, it still troubles me to this day.
I am very lucky no one was seriously hurt, or I would have been getting that Box B and probably in long term admission for sure, likely for something approaching a life sentence. I'd still be there, those crazy freaks would 
be my home.

Oh by the way, the lines a the start of PEWDIEPIE, take the pill, take the fucking injection,
That's a metaphor for narcotic abuse, but in my case it was entirely about psychiatric medication,
literally a song about taking your psychiatric meds, I wish i had!

So what do you think, now that you've heard some of the more historic songs,
stuff I'd consider my best, going back. How has the work progressed between
PEWDIEPIE and now? How has the work progressed since ALAS IN WONDERLAND/THE FIDDLER'S FALLEN to now?
You've heard some classics and you've heard my new run of songs, am I getting better or stagnating?
Does the confinement of the songs to "just songs" improve or detract from it?
Was there something to be gained by the real world action I had attempted,
or is the music better now, that I'm living in peace?

Too bad to late,
a pair of cuffs poorer,
The arresting officer is a metal door.

It's a pretty good line, I'm very happy with my new works, I think I'm improving over time,
No matter what's going on in my life, as long as I have a home, a nice place to stay,
I think I tend to get better.

One other thing, 
i thought I would tell you a story, 
that 1 2 3 4 line,
Do you know where I got that?

In gradeschool, I skipped school to go buy candy at the store,
When I got back, I was getting in big trouble by my teacher,
but not for skipping school, yet, she only figuring that out,
I was getting in trouble because I apparently was singing a song
about "1 2 3 4 Get your woman on the floor" They sat me down and
lectured me for an hour about that. I wasn't singing the song,
I kept saying, but they didn't believe me because i was already
skipping school. Raymond kept laughing at me and I think he
was the one who told them I sang that, when he was singing it later
they literally didn't care.

They sent me home with my mom and she gave me a lecture about that,
she said "Brendan, do you know what that song is about?"
I said "Sex" and she went "No, that song was about R*pe"

So whatever, fine,
I sang the song,
They caught be red handed 24 years early.

I will say this, definately in the legacy of PEWDIEPIE etc
PANDAMONIMUM comes up short.