SO AFTER MAKING GENOCIDE RADIO EPSIODE 6 - PUT ALL YOUR WISHES INTO THY MAW.mp3
I got to work trying to make new songs. That's never a good idea, I end up forcing it,
I make like 6 bad songs in a row. This one was the 6th, and the least bad out of all of them.
It's not really so bad, near the end there's one line that should rhyme but instead it trails off,
otherwise it's ok, it's serviceable.

By the way that title, put all your wishes into thy Maw.
Obviously one of the meanings is that it's a metaphor for human relations,
how women today don't so much put stuff in their mouths, as they do
absorb and inhale them into their gaping void of a maw in amounts that 
were never intended by nature.

Anyway, we're here to review PANDAMONIUM, in context,
using the previous songs in the series as a basis for your analysis,
and also keeping in mind what you said in the Genocide Radio Episode 6 podcast,
What do you think of this as a new entry in the series,
Lofty enough?
Like I hope I flew high enough with this thing.
Note he's flying up into the sky to be in PANDAMONIUM,
contrasting with falling downward into heaven like a long set of stairs.

Also what do you think of the use of REAL DEMONS?!??
These are authentic demons out of the bible,
That you might find in KING JAMES DEMONOLOGY.

This time I like the AI versions a lot better,
Which means I didn't do good enough in my performance,
but the base song was still strong enough to carry it.

What do you think so far?
A good addition?
We've still got 7 more to go.









yeah, i can only conclude that that was a weak entry,
It's as I feared, I'm in a rut.

It's not really very heady,
it's not an impressive intellectual challenge,
It's just like, hair metal basically.

You can see why I almost threw this song away
without producing it. Thing is what do i sing about?
Sex and sexuality, well I already did skinday service
and the sprite tonite, crime and lowlife problems,
already did Say Hello To The Moonlight.
I dealt with cosmic issues and religion with God's Debris.
And even rocked out to Satanism with Pandamonium.
Other than singing about some authoritarian structure,
there's not much left to sing about. I already did ALAS IN WONDERLAND.

It feels like everything's been done, and now when I make a song
It's the 5th or 6th iteration on that theme I've done, sometimes a lot more.

I'm searching for an original thought in there somewhere,
and I find it in GOD'S DEBRIS, I never really heard a song like that growing up.
I never had that..... that's a unique thought you won't get from anyone else,
a rarity in these days of stolen dreams.

Most people are just parroting plato, regurgitated 25 times in production, it is spit out on the other end as their bland and banal ideas, if not him then another dead deity, there are too many to count, so an original thought is to be cherished.

Yeah you definately can't get music like mine anywhere else.
There's never been someone like me before.
It's kind of like the waves crashing on all that rock.
Finally all the restrictions are gone, and we had a band that did everything,
a one man nin-style band, that did everything that used to be against the rules,
Like a combination of NIN with Marilyn Manson scariness, with low level Mayhem Vibes,
I was clearly trying to be Mayhem. But Mayhem never made anything shocking,
their actions were their legacy, me, I made a really good product,
and I made some of the most shocking works of art ever created.
I actually realized recently that many of these i can't show.
The level of violence, news footage from real world violence, make it totally unpostable,
some of those videos were more like a crusade than artistic works
they were made by a man on a mission to make the most extreme music
ever made. and I did, and every one of those videos with few exceptions,
are incredible musical works. I just can't share them anymore.
So yes I did everything, and the situation even broke down a few times
into extreme scenarios. But no matter how bad it got, I was always there,
posting songs and videos every other day, even in the depths of despair
at my worst of times, the worst times of my life,
It became even more important to make art.
Yes everything, I did everything, I did that too,
yup, everything.
Those words you're not allowed to say,
I said them.
Everything you're not allowed to say,
I said them.
It's illegal to say them,
I said them.
No charges proceeded.

I am a walking contrarian to every speech code ever made,
I reject all of them, I follow none of them.

Or at least that's how it was before,
Now things have shifted so that, I have different places to post different stuff,
There's stuff I only push on Soundcloud, there's my carefully curated Youtube Channel,
There's the mostly everything you can post to Archive.org, Bitchute if you need an easy TOS,
You can basically find a place for most things in that, I am rarely breaking the rules in a joint anymore,
different places for different faces.

Instead of threading the needle of a ban on Youtube, now I have a channel that I really want to keep around,
I am hesitent to post stuff I'm not sure if they'd like or not. GOD'S DEBRIS got age restricted, that kind of thing can be scary.

so, what started as me being obnoxious "I'M GONNA SAY WHATEVER I WANT BLAAAAHHHHHGGHHGH"
has actually evolved into "my lord, you must appreciate the scale of his vile creations, it's like a cathedral of content, even just this mp3 is 3 hours and there's thousands, he said 1.2 TB, just for the good ones, that's a totalizing religion, ready to give your life away to it?"