you wanna die
you wanna die
keep whining keep struggling
you wanna die
don't worry monkey everyone in the world
always gets what they deserve
they get what they deserve

don't worry monkey
everyone one day
don't you worry monkey one day everyone gets what they deserve
don't you worry monkey my friend one day everyone gets what they deserve
don't worry you can even be the pardoned turkey if you [beep] one of these things for me

don't worry my friend don't worry friend if you're [beep] and nothin' else man
at least you can be the pardoned turkey, if you [beep] one of these for me
anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone in the city,
if you wanna be the pardoned turkey guy, just [beep] one of these for me,
anyway anyway what do i see what do i T T T T SAYS Shhh

T says Shh Shh
T says Shh

The cops are here to help

The cops have come to help take you away and [beep] somewhere,
rat us out rat us out sell us out sell us out
rat us out sell us out rat us out rat us out
rat us out sell us out
rat us out now
the cops have come to help take you away
the cops have come to [beep] somewhere
the cops have come to help take you away
rat us out rat us out rat us out now
rat us out rat us out now
the cops are here to help you girl,
the cops are here to help.

Rat us out rat us out rat you out now girl
the cops are here to come take you away
girl the cops have come to help rat you out now
the cops are here to come take you away
girl the cops have come to help rat us out now
and [beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep] [beep] [beeeeeeeeeeep] [beep]
rat us out sell us out rat us out now
rat us out rat us out rat us out now....

the cops are here to come take you away girl
rat us out rat us out rat us out now
the cops are here to help
the cops are here to come take you away girl
the cops are here to help
rat us out sell us out sell us out rat us out
rat us out rat us out now

no matter how hard i try i try it forever
the cops are here to help you girl
the cops have come to help take you away
i don't even know what to say girl
no matter how hard I try it forever
I just can't get it out man
rat us out rat us out rat us out now
the cops have come to help take you away girl
the cops are here to help take you away
the COPS HAVE COME TO HELP!!!!

Rat us out rat us out rat us out rat us out now girl
rat us out rat us out now

all of these villains are the pardoned turkey
they won't even be in the [beep] man
just put em in boxes special boxes with shit they need
seal the boxes with their family and friends they like
anyone they want man anyone they like
pick up some girls you like, bring em along guys
pick up some girls you like, bring em along guys
put em all in sealed cubes for me
when you take the sealed cubes everyone dies
when everyone dies you open up the sealed cubes
and guys walk out and they're the only teddies
we'll repopulate the world with the girls they bought!
we'll repopulate the world with the girls they bought!
we'll repopulate the world with the girls they bought!

i don't know what to tell you guy
you lost
I don't think it's coming back tonight
rat us out rat us out now rat
rat us out tonight rat us out forever
the cops are here to help take you away
sell me out on Soundcloud again someday
anyway anyway you're ratting us out
Rat me out to the guy from game of thrones
he'll report you again, again.
rat us out rat us out rat us now rat us out again now girl
rat us out again now girl
rat us out again now girl
rat us out rat us out now

do you even love them at all?
do you even love them or do you want to hurt them?
do you love them at all my friend?
Rat us out rat us out rat us out now.
Rat us out rat us out now.
I'll never come forever my friend but the cops have come to help take you away my friend