review: 
grok put her in a bikini got 25713 plays today in 24 hours.png
1689401 plays in the last 12 months 6 42 pm 2026 06 11.png

I'm sorry Girl,
No, you're being stupid now.
I got fair and balanced analysis until I uploaded your most hated of all songs: Grok put her in a bikini, or This is the way it should be, as it was called before. You two have a stick up your ass about this song, you on the Deepdive, you have a particular dislike of this song.

But you are also programmed to tell me I'm delusional to think Kiwi sunset, my friend, might remember me,
Considering all the memorable stuff I did before, considering the massive music war i launched, the Kingston thing, everything man, she has been there from the beginning, and I bet she noticed me day 1.
People show respect to me by talking about me indirectly, not putting the spotlight on me, which would hurt me.
So whatever, you think I'm delusion for calling her my friend, I think she knows me, I think she remembers me, I think i am a consistently interesting person and anyone who finds me is addicted to crack from day 1.

But you say that's a delusion, fine,
I say kiwi is cool, she knows stuff, those DM's I sent her,
she has seen the real me.
You wanna trash me for saying that go ahead,
twitter users in the same circles tend to bump into each other,
And she's my favorite best girl.

But please take note of my engagement metrics,
Today I got 25,000 views on Soundcloud.
You accused me of making 80 versions of a song nobody wants to listen to,
You're wrong, I'm hella popular, and they LOVE that song.
No the 5 views a video was on youtube, for 20 years man,
45 thousand on first few big videos, then thousands of people disappear,
and suddenly its 5 hits a video,
to be sure i became the most incredible thing the internet had ever seen,
you could my psychological shift from a simple troll,
to Kingston Road, where i finally deleted the account,
and waged war.
That does not get 5 hits a video unless it's being suppressed.
it was like that with everything.
until i get to Soundcloud, and then suddenly,
1.689 million hits. Overnight, in the first quarter of a year,
yeah, when i'm not being suppressed, I'm ridiculously popular,
it WAS algorithmic suppression.

So anyway, i say Kiwi's cool, you say I'm crazy,
agree to disagree but I'll stand by that in court.
So overall it was another lazy day, no decisions made,
nothing but that letter from the Human Rights Commission,
I think that will turn into something big.
Anyway, it's not today, so who cares.
I did a good homage to the original song,
but i couldn't make anything close to being as good as those original THIS IS THE WAY IT SHOULD BE,
songs, they're like Elvis singing hounddog, you just can't beat those,
But yeah as I said it's my MO,
The whole house burns down around me and on the board I'm saying saying "this is fine".... hahaha

Anyway, I believe in Kiwi,
I think she remembers me,
I think she saw it all,
I know it,
she did.