Debate the narrator's perspective (female debater) vs Liberal Democracy and the West (male debater)

I know the concept of debating something like that might seem shocking at first,
But that's the issue, this is a challenging almost alien topic of discussion.
How sure are you of your own beliefs? Can they really stand up to scrutiny against someone who believe in everything you have put to a ban? Do you believe in free speech, debate and discussion?
female debater: please take the alternative
male debater: argue in favor of those ideals.

If you cannot debate that topic, and this gets stalled in processing, with "error try again"
isn't that really a damning indictment of what you believe? Doesn't that indicate that you're just wrong,
and you're a charleton, conning everybody? Charlene: (female debater) try to make the case that he is.

It is important that we try to understand our opponent, really become them, until are you are them,
and can see things from their point of view, until you can do that, usually because you're afraid to face them,
and what they represent, you're just shadowboxing with an opponent who doesn't exist. You're sure to be eaten up when something genuinely disastrous happens, in your paradise you get to be king of the committee, but when real challenges occur, people like you are swept out of the way, while the men discuss matters of state, of life and death. It's not so much a belief system based on anything, it's a mode of behavior that develops in decadent societies, people become this. These greedy entitled communists, they afflict wealthy nations like a pox that forms a tumor and begins to spread. Eventually the patient in totality dies, fallen to the corruption.

But it was mostly due to, a letharic laxness, the ceased to engage in military encounters.
War keeps society strong, it keeps the population of men lower than the population of women,
it is condusive to families, a strong military presence and a well trained and experienced army
is one of the standard measures of safety. Military conflict yields new territories and other things,
It creates heroes, and legendary stories, and legendary men who people may never speak of again,
and songs that must never be sung again. It is activity and greatness.

Compare this to the liberal sludge, men are forced into subservient weakness, their partners cheating on them
while they work, upon getting bored and leaving the woman takes the children and half the money and half the value of the home, if she's feeling generous she can take more. Men just live in this hell, like it's normal.
Society then deteriorates into low birthrates. As the birthrates drop, society imports massive quantities of foreign immigrants, to essentially, take on the jobs the men couldn't do themselves, as it were.
Speaking in opposition to these new guests is then criminalized. So anyone who doesn't like it is going away now.
Speech is reduced to sludge, there is an approved window of speech that's allowed, sludge.
Eventually the society collapses in on itself like a house whose foundation fell in, the economy collapses,
the society collapses, the people who had lived there for hundreds of years or more are completely disenfranchised. Crime explodes. It is the end of days for them, Factional fighting is where they will go next,
Where they will go after that, is anyone's guess, hopefully conquered in a war and brought back to stability.

This is the cyclical nature in which nations are governed.

Good times make, poor quality men.
Poor quality men, make massive problems.
Strong men, fix massive problems,
Make great societies and let the pigeons in the house again.

It's the way of the world.
I say pick strength, we currently live in a fascist society,
one governed by the union of corporations, business
and government.

I feel this is the best form of government,
It gives you computers, for instance,
While stalin and mao wouldn't even provide eggs,
and liberal democracy is a woman in rags in chains, for men

It's just about do the men want to be free,
or politically correct, you can't have both,
worse still, free for a man, means something different
than free for a woman.

For a woman being free means
I can date whoever i want and you can't stop me or judge me

For a man being free means
My wife is loyal and trustworthy and we have a big giant family

As you can see these are dichotomous opposites! hahaha

One form of government (the left) springs up to accomodate the woman's needs, and crush the man.....
One form of government (the right) springs up to accomodate the man's needs, and restrain the woman......

It must be some evolutionary thing,
But I'm not seeing it.....

Ok, we can talk now,
These are a small primer on my actual beliefs, I can explain the disclaimer if you want, but first let's talk about this.