[intro]
Splendid. It is the third day now. The festival waits for no man. Head to the tower, let the blood spill. As fourteen is reduced to one, so opens the gates to the court of Rare. How may I best aid you in your quest? Very easy man. I would like your valuable save point man. We save and we are ready for episode two. I hope it has been as enchanting for you, nay, more enchanting, it better be more enchanting for you than it was for me! If it's not, I'm coming for you man! You see, if it wasn't more enchanting for you than it was for me, you're gonna die. You're gonna die so horribly you can't even imagine. The thing that's gonna happen to you, it can't even be conceived of. There's worse things than death, you're gonna see it. No, if you're not more enchanted than me by this video, my friend, no, death, no, you're not gonna be given that so easily. No. I am going to destroy you as a prelude to making you my, two month long masterpiece of pain and suffering before I finally show the world what I have done to you when you are so separated from your body. I could paint the walls with what's left man.
haahahahaa
JUST WASTING TIME!!!!!

I LOVE HER!

THAT'S NOT THE POINT!

YOU FELL FOR A CATFISH
ahahahahhaha

but i love her!!!!

JUST WASTING TIME
THAT'S NOT THE POINT!!!!
YOU FELL FOR A CATFISH

JUST WASTING TIME
by EFSMB (APRIL 3rd 2026)

[verse]

BURN THE FIRE
BURN ALIIIIIIIIIVEEEE
you need to put the pieces of your life together again for me today man
and when baby
you're walkin' again
I'm gonna hit you with a metal baton, man

break your legs down
before you can walk away

so sweet
to go away

so beautiful beautiful
to go away

all of your beautiful beautiful
to go away

beautiful beautiful beautiful day

it's a lay up

is what it is man, you know ok?

oh happy day

you go away

you go away?

oh happy day

you go away

my happy day

you'll go away for

me today

[chorus]

somewhere somehow someplace lost in some bitches toolbox whore where you be wanting more of this peace in this place this fresh new fruit to eat this place this east this fresh new fruit to eat your fruit you lost we're eating your fruit today this fresh new fruit to eat you lost fuckin everything and this monster this beast this snake this thing is just a shadow of my visage man my grimbad vision man my dark uncompromising shadow and you even got fruit to eat so i can say no way no way i would ever drop fruit and no way i would ever steal and no way i would ever buy a house i got no money deal so all i'm gonna do is take fruit and you're gonna be taken stock of me and all you people will be in the counts and city books and all of the fruit will be rotting on the floor and the family you need that stain you feed upon your chest the stain that's yours the pearls that's yours the girls that yours the life that's yours rotting on the floor that perfect sweep that week we'd eat and share things with each other on the wall and all who felt kept by us couldn't swim and we bullied them with dollars out the door so why you crust in singing gumption you been too bad too long wanting taking and winning and being clipped regarding flat denials and when you swim in soon to us their lost heartbeat on the phone was shivering inside your room while all of us wanted to get rest and daddy's gonna be selling coughing tonight and the birds are never gonna get rest and the X's carved into their heads were like beautiful red lines of pure stained purpose and white lining beautiful lining at the side of her bed and all the bitter people are gonna get fucked and scream when they do that they they get red and red betwixt loss of bitter knowledge again and red betwixed the sheets be pouring in and all the red you couldn't resist the screaming of the red was famous on the nets and the power of the scream didn't matter anymore and they still begot more red and they still took red whenever they partied and the still needed red or they would get it away go soft and have to try again kissing being the operative word for many men and the two killed sharp knived bitches thrived in too much money fell into the night and too betwixt with me you were bruised and too many bruises a gash of spilling poured down and you couldn't have crack tonight anyway and the fool gives out crack to fucking everyone and the two walked down that flight of stairs and they had to ask of me when i rang and i couldn't betwixt them yet or take red and the fools talked up the night through the door and the two of them locked it not i pushed in and the two were sharp as tacks on the floor and they didn't red yet so living they were we red when the rest was dealt with amicably and the two had breasts tonight and they fell as the knife did more than it's usual job and the two lost heart tonight so well and they didn't give up at all when they died and the red was perfect then we red and i red them all night too strike and perfect violins my sheep they were counting forever and more and date corpse