In April 2024, I had a terrible mental breakdown after months without medication,
I almost got myself kicked out of my home, i made trouble for everyone,
eventually i stole a cat, and police had to break down my door to get it back,
i went into the ward for a month, that was the last really bad one,
I got better after that as i realized the medication does something and i actually need it.
Anyway, literally while I was in the ward, I was in communication with Amazon,
sending them horrible (possibly illegal books), as we argued for 20 pages about
whether or not i can publish books as Jesus Christ on Amazon. They ultimately
terminated my account as this behavior refused to cease.

My argument was essentially, there is no objective test for who is or is not Jesus Christ's second coming,
and by barring me, they are making an official policy barring the real second coming when he arrives,
and corporations shouldn't be the arbiters of theological expression in this way.

I complained about that for 2 years,
I filed a case at the HRTO that i blessedly rescinded,
as a lawsuit with Amazon's corporate lawyers would
be short and brutal. My arguments didn't matter,
Courtrooms are about who has the most money.
Without at least a notably high baseline for money,
the law ceases to even apply in a courtroom.

But anyway, I just checked my book on Amazon.ca
As I noticed my newly published books with ingramspark
were showing up still on Amazon.ca.

I just checked my name on Amazon.ca.... my books are all still there,
they didn't take them down. When I was getting all those letters from Amazon.com
telling me my books were being terminated off the shelves and my account is closed,
Amazon.ca just quietly kept my books up. My god, thank you, I would say to them.
I wonder how many survived? Most of my books were published under other names.

Sorry I can't send you direct links,
The product page scraping bot blocks me from sending them,
You can get the idea from here....

That's really a wonderful gesture, I love Amazon.ca.
I'll post the links later.