on THE DEMON DEPARTED (7)
"The joke grates, drains on you after multiple listens. The Core Song is so good, but the jokes outside it, while good, get old quick. Such a shame, a good song that was almost perfect."
- me, 5 minutes ago

Today's song will reveal much, thing is it's not really that bad of a song,
there's nothing in it that's gratuitous or grossly offensive.
it's themes, it's choice of words, basically the feeling the song gives you when you hear it,
this jarring disconnect between how beautiful and catchy and fun and upbeat the music is,
contrasted with something out of a NIN song for the lyrics.
That disconnect, that dissonance, is what I seek to create in my works, taking what you have been made to expect and then utterly subverting it in other ways. i not generally a foul mouthed person,
I use the F word and the S word, from time to time, but the fouler end of the slur range 
I don't generally require. You can say plenty of frightening and disturbing things without
using prohibited swear words, and i see no real artistic value in them, i'd like the right to say whatever i want,
but i'd still use it more for this, and some of the prohibitions actually make sense to me.

Anyway, due to it's dark themes and choice of words,
I initially thought I couldn't publish this on soundcloud,
my account is in danger of deletion, 1 strike away from deletion.

technically i could have played it safer and never made this series,
but I decided to risk the gamble. After all, the A WARM PLACE elements
in this series, were already left up, after the last purge, without issue,
so in theory, more posted like that shouldn't cause a problem.

AND WITH THAT THE DEMON DEPARTED
was refused promotion, so it will only get a low number of hits.

THE DEMON DEPARTED series was granted promotion.

as were the reuploads of A WARM PLACE.

This was likely due to the spoken word segments in AND WITH THAT THE DEMON DEPARTED,
spoken word is banned for promotion under their tos. But THE DEMON DEPARTED series had music behind those segments. The overall project could have been improved by removing my audio source recording of my performance this was based on and just letting the AI run wild with no audio source, they're getting better than humans at singing and making music now. One day we will all just fly to heave with these things.

So anyway,
I'm happy with this series, but i should just cut the extra content before and after,
and let my robots sing, i could listen to that for hours, but this, I can barely take that joke once,
and the robot rips me a new asshole on it anyway, so what's the point? Yeah, snide satire, oh
he reads the lines, he reads the lines like his nose is turning up at how retarded this bastard is,
not really anything i could call him on, he always had that personality, my disco voice,
he is my grudging bandmate, i get the feeling he wishes doom on me. hahah