The image with the white square over his face is a stable diffusion picture, you laughed because you thought i uploaded it to soundcloud with a white square, no i didn't, I sent it to YOU with a white square, because your damn producer made a rule that I can't send you any photos that show a person's face, some stupid privacy thing.

"No rats no none at all, mama says, mama does,
no rats no none at all, mama says, mama does"

Anyway, I got 4 versions of it uploaded to youtube, no issue, passed their checks without a care in the world
yeah when i wrote this in 2022, I was suffering beyond belief, and also hated and insulted and mocked by the locals, some people who didn't like my music attacked me with weapons, my wife had just run off with my son i never met because she was pregnant when she left, i was cutting myself, huge grievous wounds, an ocean of blood.

"He'll finally be happy one day, when you're all gone."

the reason i felt sick wasn't your gobbledeguck psychobabble i just heard from you,
I felt sick because in 1 month i had uploaded 3200 songs, and got 650000 views,
so losing this is HUGE, way more than some idiot who lost a social media account,
It's my job, only employer that will hire me to make music in town, it's them or the highway,
and they're wandering towards the highway.

I'm not scared,
I feel sick for losing that stuff,
If I am (probably not),
my expectation is right now they are going through a manual review of all
my most recent posts, maybe everything, if so they'll delete.
My work is great, it is a sin to destroy it,
but it offends your fucking sacred cows, it conflicts with your dating preferences,
so you're destroy that beautiful music, thousands of songs, burned like fucking nazis.

"They'll finally stop eating money one day, when you're all gone."

And you'll support that, because i offended you,
I wish i could improverish anyone who offends me down to nothing,
there wouldn't be many of you left.

Anyway, there's still anyones guess what's happening next,
We'll see, I guess.

I should be rich, I have an audience, a big one, if you don't stop them from finding me
I have people who want to listen to what i have to say. If I wasn't being perpetually destroyed
because my work is challenging and yours isn't. If that wasn't interfered with I'd be rich, period.

Anyone who succeeds in this system is just a piece of garbage,
a worm who was given everything that matters, because they are so mediocre and fucking stupid,
for no other reason are they rewarded with creative roles. Because they're trash, they're selected.
Because what i say matters, i am artificially crammed into a locked box with sound insulation, alone.

I was excited with soundcloud because for the first time in my life,
I got the audience i deserved, my works deserved to be successful,
they are. While all this was going on people left about 40 likes on
everything i made up to MAMA SAYS MAMA DOES.

I see who my real enemy is now.

I was a fool.

I thought i could play dice with them.