BURN THE INVESTIGATION
by EFSMB

DISCLAIMER:
I HAVE NO PROBLEM WITH THE TORONTO POLICE
I LIKE THEM, THEY DO A GOOD JOB, THEY'RE HEROES.
THIS WAS MADE IN 2024, WHEN I THOUGHT I WAS A KING DICTATOR
WHO JUST WON THE REBELLION, AND OF COURSE MY REACTION THE PRETENDERS WAS MERCILESS, ORDERING THEN DESTROYED TO THE 10TH GENERATION.

BUT NOTHING HAPPENED......

I POST THIS ONLY BECAUSE IT IS FUNNY, COP, I LIKE YOU, RELAX
I WILL SAY THIS, YOU CAN BE OVERSENSITIVE, I WORRY I WILL HURT YOUR FEELINGS WITH THIS.
----------------------------------------
You're saying you're on the killers side?
in front of a police officer, do you understand what that means?

YES,
you say.

...

I see.

...

Wait here a sec.

instead and they wanna kill me! who would help em, this is the stupid person, it's the stupid person that i'm afraid of, cuz he got nothing to live for and
he's already in your concentration camp dying
and he don't give a damn about his friends and family
he got none he's homeless, fuck
so he's walkin through life and he just sees me, he looks at me, he pulls out his knife he's got the element of surprise 
boom, yeah look at that.

he kills the LORD!!!!!
THE LORD DIES AT THE HANDS OF THIS HOMELESS, RETARD!!!!!

That's card 1,
other one we got is a little more annoying man actually infinitely more annoying and the reason we got homeless retards at all not the security detail have to shoot you if you come near the fuckin' king!

It's your dumbass stupid cops, man.

Dumbass stupid fuckin' police man.

Stupid stupid fuckin' cops man.

Yeah you know what you do when you're arresting any girl who comes near me cuz you're trying to gain information for your dumb investigation on me that goes nowhere man cuz i am untouchable i am uninvolved in everything i am ignorant man, deal with it i'm ignorant as shit, man, i don't know shit about none of this shit, stop questioning everyone who talks to me-----

no worse man
yeah probably you are talking to people who walking by me and you probably find everything you want, man

fuck you
fuckin burn that fuckin shit

better burn the fuckin shit you got on me there

there's just those people you got in prisons man

when i'm king they're coming out of the prisons and you're going in

those men you got in prison man on the shit they done for me man

when i'm king they're coming out of the prisons and you're going in man

and you're going in man

then you're going into prisons man

you're going in man

then you're going in man

at that point cops they're coming outta prison you're going into prisons man

hello cop
hello cop
you're going into prison man

burn the investigation just throw it in the garbage hope i don't find it one day man

hope i don't find the investigation one day
burn the investigation man

stop taking girls on dates man

stop it man
stop it man

oh no you're still doing it man

goodbye hoar

oh look you're still doing it man

goodbye hoar

oh look you're still doing it man

goodbye hoar

fuckoff hoar

get lost hoar

fuck off hoar

goodbye hoar

fuckoff hoar

fuckoff hoar

goodbye cop

goodbye hoar

goodbye cop 

goodbye hoar

goodbye cop

goodbye hoar

goodbye cop

goodbye hoar

goodbye cop

goodbye hoar

oop oop oop we're gonna do it some more,

oh look its sad
we're doing it some more
we did it so many times the rebellion won I'm King oops!

burn the investigation
now
hope i don't find it i will my friend i will

your friends will rat you out just to get a less bad fuckin kill

they're all coming out of prison man

and you're all going in man

that's right they're all going outta prison man

and you're all going in

you stupid dumbass cops, when i am king

they're all coming outta prison man

and you're going in,

they're all going outta prison man

and you're going in my prison man!

they're all coming outta prison dude

and you're going in my prison then!

they're all coming outta prison cop

and you're going in man

we'll make some of them the prison guards man

the low level ones there are guards for you man

anyway anyway anyway they're coming outta prison you're going in man

they're coming out prison soon 

you're going in, man

they're coming outta prison very soon man

you're going in very soon man

you're going in prison very soon man

you're going in man

you're going in

you're going into prison very soon man

you're going into prison really soon man

you're going into prison really soon man

but when we're done we're comin out man

when we're done we're comin outta the fuckin prison man

and the cops are going fuckin on in, man

the cops are going into fuckin prison if we failed let's put their fuckin' grand [Gunshot] in 

if we failed to get the cops today
and the cops win that fuckin day man
the next time we're comin to put their grand [Gunshot] in prison
we're going to put their grand fucking [Gunshot] in prison
and we'll have a jenna side on the [Gunshot] of the cops
we'll have a jenna side on the grand [Gunshot] to the tenth generation, son. We'll wipe out the seed of every cops family for eternity we'll feast on the lines of the cops!

but maybe dude
maybe dude
maybe we're gonna win

and all those people comin outta prison
and you're going in 

all those people are coming outta your prison
and you're going in mine man

You're going in my prison cop,
you're going in mine man

A BURNING SMELL PERMEATES THE ROOM
AHAHAHAHAHA
You actually did it
do you understand what you just did?
You destroyed evidence,
that's a crime you know!
HAHAHAHAHA