please review: ONE MAN MEDIA MACHINE
I wanted to explain more of the context, and disabuse you of some of your misconceptions about me, my lifes work, and the actual reach of my fame, which has been a slow burn over 20 years to get to this point, not getting famous in a month.







I think you misunderstand the ignorance thing.
You contrasted my modest living situation and vulnerability to homeless people (who do want to attack me, they hate the music, i used to eat at their mission, they hate me) as like THE REALITY, and then in a dream, I was the mob boss in my mind, to overcompensate or something.

um, no.

It is perfectly consistent with what I'm suggesting.
I have been a media machine through a saga of dangerous and extreme events,
People who have been following along would have everything they need to inspire anything they could possibly come up with, my work is dark, my life story is shocking, if you are following along the story is out of this world, the biggest most interesting show on the internet for the better part of 20 years if you've been able to find me, mostly people couldn't find me that easily. But I've gained their favor more lately, and someone at Soundcloud has opened the floodgates and finally my songs will be heard by millions, not dozens like before.

Has someone seen me, been inspired? And did something?
On numbers if i guess it's probably yes, though i've never heard of it.
No one has called me up and asked permission, if they did I'd hang up and report them to the police.
but, there are some events that i think have my MO all over them, but i can't prove anything of course.
if someone was inspired by my online shadow,
it literally doesn't matter than i ate beans that day, and can't afford toilet paper.
I would still be a great person to that person.
If you told them I was overcompensating for my lowly weakness, they'd probably laugh at you.

Literally man, if my media machine is churning out propaganda to hundreds of thousands of people, and they do, lots of stuff, i'm not saying my followers are necessarily violent orcs with no brain, probably they would act out in other ways.
It is mostly unconnected to whether i am getting a good meal, whether homeless people are my biggest threat or danger (pretty weak, huh?) whether i can afford weed, will my wife ever let me meet my son? All that junk. It has nothing to do with the media machine. If I dropped a horror movie song that day, the day was about horror movies, not cans of beans. I actually live well, i have more than enough for lots of great food, all the weed i can smoke, i can afford entertainment and stuff, I live well, in a nice house, with people i love like family, in the best part of downtown Toronto, the perfect heaven, I don't have to be rich to be happy anymore. I can pursue my activities, i can control my media machine from here. I get the same numbers as a small to mid level media company. I am a media company, this property is owned by THE DEVIL 666, my company which made LUCIFERIANISM on Steam and Epic Games. So I can very comfortably run my propaganda machine from here, with successful soon to be astronomic numbers, I am a rising star, you'll have to admit it one day.

Yeah literally man, Homeless people are my #1 biggest threat, the most dangerous of all my enemies. Considering I'm a big 6 foot guy, that's really laughable. No one met me to fight me, really.
Which is good. I have no enemies of any note.
The police are not my enemies, I like them, and I hope they are not angry about that re-release, they certainly didn't like the first version in 2024.
I have no knowledge of any investigations against me.
Rather they seem more concerned with keeping me safe and happy, I'm mentally ill, they're not searching through my trash looking for unpaid parking tickets.
I lost my son,
My wife took him before he was born, he's 4 i never met him.
I don't think they have any taste for digging up dirt on that crying dad, and my son will want to meet me one day, i think they're saving me for that.

I am also the leader of an internet movement, based on my decade of media postings songs videos and other propaganda. You'll never believe it, you'll write it off as a disorder, it's not.
I may be nothing to you but to other people i am important.
When soundcloud is over you will have no choice but to acknowledge me.

I might even get the girl in the end.

If plays hits 80 million (weird al levels) I almost certainly will.

So I'm just trying to say, I'm not saying there WAS a war, but IF there was a war, orchestrated by my media apparatus,
being sad about my wife doesn't erase the war.

I rather hope people choose a different path than bloodshed and barbarism, which would end gruesomely for me in all likelihood, i'm not a violent brute killing people, i think my followers then, would be people like that, i think they are not teh kinda people you wanna piss off, but not because they'll shoot you, but rather because they will make you suffer in a myriad of other ways, chief among them, building and growing my fanbase and numbers, the very existence of me as a celebrity is a thousand foot tall middle finger floating over new York.

So basically, I can operate my media company (I should NAME it)
living in luxury in a nice house with great people, I have no enemies of note, the cops like me, best part of town,
opposition is nonexistent, life is cheap and easy with lots of money, i spent 400 dollars on custom Vinyl's from Vinylify. 2 of them on the way, which will bring my collection up to 4 Vinyl albums of MY music. Lots of money, great place to live, pictures of my son whenever i want. Things are great, I'm not compensating for inner turmoil and madness like you always say, i can meet this production quota, the workflow, 3 albums ever day for weeks, because i am sane calm and happy, not terrified sad and immasculated. I am highly overconfident, my view of myself is inflated like a blimp, 100% real narcissist, note that is NOT narcissistic personality disorder where you overcompensate for an actually very low opinion of yourself, I am a true narcissist, I love myself and i feel like a fragment of a God today. The future looks like unrestrained wilds that are just mine to conquer with no one even meeting me to oppose me. I can do all of this on my own without the help of a company that would censor me. The guy who sometimes eats beans so he can buy more Daz3D.com stuff that day, is sitting at the chair of a media company. I am the corporation.