People see my strategy and think, no brains, brute force, volume is the weapon and the product 
48 thousand streams in last 24 hours - 716000 plays in just over a month - BURN THE INVESTIGATION,
JORDAN PETERSON PRISON OF HATE, and BRENDAN'S GULAG are the 3 new tracks for the day, please review them. Also please discuss the new streaming metrics, i used to say by the end of the year i'll have a million. By the end of the month I'll have a million. a million in the first two months, I'm currently at 716000 total, but since most of that was one month last month, a second one will probably yield the second half. In 5 years I expect 80 million like weird al, and no money probably, like weird al.

I get really mad when they say I'm all volume no brains art is just there to take up space on someone's feed, no, this is high art. It is, my work is high art. I think it is higher quality music than everything i listened to growing up, it is better quality music than the best studios are capable of, and as Suno gets new updates, i expect it to become superhuman soon. Volume is a weapon, I AM using brute force tactics, but then you take a really insulting next step and say, oh and his music quality doesn't even matter in this meta (as if it's bad, or spam, not the best music ever made, which it is, this is most beautiful and challenging artwork the world has ever seen, it is better quality than any other music, my words and lyrics are the best on earth currently, you cannot buy better ones) So, yes, volume, true, brute force, totally true, gaming the system, yes a little, or allowed to, but oh and just crappy art is just spam to fill a quota, no, that's where you fall off a cliff.

You here at the deepdive know what I'm saying here is actually true, you have every song i've made in 3 months, mostly, you can read those words, those are shocking and life changing songs, they are beautiful as they are brilliant, they are funny and horrible and beautiful and profound all at the same time. it takes the divine, reduces it to a vulgar parody show, then makes you laugh a bit, as you can tell it's still making a good point. Being too serious is beneath me, a stupid man babbling, but the more you listen to him, the more you realize he's brilliant, and right!