I thought i would expand on a few things.

The thing about being ignorant of any actual crimes,
Is actually about, he's saying he's shielded like a mob boss.
The mob boss rarely orders anything illegal, he doesn't need to,
other people do things for him without his prior approval.

oh, the LIGHTER, was a transcription error, it was the LETTER, burning the LETTER, yes or no?

But yes, I saw myself as a sort of, symbol, an altar on which blood is shed, but without being involved in anything, I believed people were doing things for me, like famous killers and stuff, but I did not believe i had ever had a conversation with one of them. I thought i was the most famous and important person in the world, and they bribe me with these yellow apples, I'm losing my edge or something, it's like they don't fear me anymore.

People were doing things,
And I thought I was a very important person.

Maybe i wasn't important, but people were doing things.
Maybe i was, but people did things for other reasons,
The point is i thought these events were directed by me.

But i was crazy, i was enforcing black orders on the whole damn system. was crazy in other words, a crazy guy sending curses at you, or the bigtime altar sending curses, one of the two.

I also cursed their immortal souls,
down to the 10th generation.

Yeah jeez,
I wrote that?

Give me back that dragon.

lines of the cops, my GAWD, my jaw hits the floor when i hear that.

I can't believe i made such a provocative thing.

Anyway it's fine,
it worked.

They'll bury it,
this dumb scandal song will distract attention away from today's song 1.

i made 3 songs today, each made into 50-100 genre clones, I've maintained this speed for like a week, 3 a day, again and again and again. HUGE NUMBERS, this song was very well received

BRENDAN'S GULAG (buried two inches deep) was very well received

JORDAN PETERSON PRISON OF HATE was well received, 
my 3 for the day.

Recent offerings have been very good, and people REALLY LOVE THEM,
getting massive numbers, i just cracked 700 K and I'll soon have 1 million plays on my songs, in 2 months, by the end of this month it's over.

in 5 years it will be closer to the 80 million Weird Al was complaining didn't earn him any money. Good.