X
by EFSMB
DEC 9, noon, 2023

Take it good or bad, but in forever that's what it was.
Christ-created a situation got himself killed, the situation demands he die, he did, man.
Just because you're willing to be Christed, don't mean you're gonna get fucking killed guaranteed, man.
Just because you're willing to be, don't mean you're gonna be getting killed guaranteed, man.
Yeah, he got me down on six months with this thing, man.
Brendan S. Rose, around noon, man.
December 9th, 2023, man.
Here's the stupidest motherfucking thing that you could have possibly done today, man.
You're under arrest, keep quiet, shut up, man.
That idiot's going to jail, I'm a motherfucker talk, man, I'm talking, I'm talking, I'm talking, I'm talking, man.
I'm talking, man, I'm talking.
I'm motherfucker talking, I'm talking, man.
I'm motherfucker talking, I'm talking, man.
They give me back to my life and drive me home, man, I'll try to stay home more, man.
Brenness Rose, 2:44 PM, December 9th, 2023.
Quotations from Brenness Rose, Volume 1, Selected Works.
A collection of our finest fucking works, our finest of all collection.
Except perhaps collection two, which is next level dogshit with that, man.
Tupac over, man, look at that genius, man.
Look at that genius, man.
Look at that genius, man, look at that next level dogshit with that Tupac, look at that genius, man.
Brendan S. Rose, Fuhrer of Canada, Canada over everyone in the world, man.
Brendan S. Rose, Fuhrer of Canada, Canada over everyone in the fucking world, man.
Brendan S. Rose, Fuhrer of Canada, Canada over everyone in the world, man.
Commander over, commander, commander over everyone in the fucking world, man.
What in the fucking happened today, man?
I'll tell you what happened, man.
I told people I murdered Tupac to steal his bass tracks, man, I told them I murdered Biggie to steal his bass tracks, man.
Fall guy, man.
Bitch reported me for this, they reported me for murdering Biggie and Tupac to steal the bass tracks, man.
Throw it out.
The Beer Hall Putsch, 2:50 PM, December 9th, 2023.
What the fuck happened today, man?
I'll tell you what happened today, man.
I told people I murdered Tupac to steal his bass tracks, man.
I told them I murdered Biggie to steal his fucking bass tracks, man, walking around in chairs, flashing that shit, man.
It's expensive bass tracks, I'll be taking that from your corpse, man.
[sub-bass pulse]
I'll be taking that from your corpse, Biggie.
I'll be taking that from your corpse, Tupac, man.
You expensive fucking bass, my ass, you're flashing that in my [unintelligible].
Fall guy, man.
Bitches reported me for this, man.
They reported me for murdering Biggie and Tupac to steal their bass tracks, man, off their corpse, man, off their corpse.
I'll be taking that off your corpse, man, those bass tracks, I'll be taking that, man.
Biggie and Tupac, oh yeah, I took, I'll be taking that bass tracks, my friend.
Throw it out, man.
The Beer Hall Putsch, 2:50 PM, December 9th, 2023.
This is what happens when you're stupid, man.
When you're stupid motherfuckin shit, man.
This is what happens when you're fucking stupid, man.
This is what happens when you're stupid motherfucking shit, man.
Look at that, you're trying to call this shit on me, man, you're trying to call this shit on me, man.
Trying to walk down the street saying 'fuck you white shit', I'm the racist that day, man.
You walk down the street saying 'fuck you white shit' and I'm the racist that day man.
Fuck you piece of shit, eat my shit and die, shitdown you neck til you fucking die, man.
Anyway, birds you fly into the air, you fly into the air, beautiful birds.
Beautiful birds flying into the air, you fly into the air, beautiful birds.
Beautiful bluebirds flying into the air with X's carved in their foreheads, man.
Beautiful birds flying into the sky with beautiful X's in their foreheads, man.
Beautiful X's on their fucking foreheads, beautiful X's on the fucking birds, man.
Beautiful birds flying into the sky, beautiful X's in their fucking heads, man.
Beautiful X's carved on their fucking heads, beautiful X's every fucking day, man.
Gonna carve the most beautiful X you ever saw in Barack Obama's head, man.
Gonna carve the most beautiful X you ever saw in Barack Obama's head, man.
Fuck it whore, I just tweeted to you, I just tweeted to you, Barack, man.
Yeah, I killed Tupac, I stole his fucking song.
Yeah, I killed Biggie, I'll be taking that son.
In my ass, you're flashing that bass track in town.
Fall guy, bitch, he's dead, in my ass you caught him, man.
Anyway, bitch, yeah, I killed Tupac, man, I took the fucking bass track off his fucking death, man.
Yeah, I'll be taking that, it's a nice bass track whore you're dead as shit, my friend.
Anyway, Biggie, and the beautiful, beautiful bass track there, man, I'm sure.
I'll steal it from, I'll just be taking that for now.
I'll figure out if it's good enough tomorrow later, man.
Anyway, killed the fucking bitches, man, Tupac and Biggie, killed the whores, man.
I stole that, yeah, I'll be taking that, man.
I'll be taking that, man.
I'll be taking that, man.
I'll be taking that, dude.
I'll be taking that, man, you're beautiful, I'll be taking that, man.
Motherfuck you walking around with that shit in my [unintelligible], I shoot you dead, take that fucking bass track, man.

Goodbye.
Throw it out.
Throw it out, man.
Have a nice day.
The Beer Hall Putsch, December 9th, noon, 2023. Throw it out.