Re: HRTO FILE: 2026-67461-I - REQUEST FOR ACCOMMODATIONS 3 - Brendan S. Rose v. Toronto Police Services Hate Crimes Division

Hello TPS,

Approximately 1 week ago I tried to report an assault or instance of criminal harassment (more likely) by a South East Asian Man, against me, a non-white Irishman.

What has followed has been a clown show of evasion, putting me on hold for 4 hours
again and again, either picking up and arranging a meeting with a 15+ hour window,
which you then don't show up for. I left the house briefly to buy food,
and you either showed up intentionally then, or it was the worst luck,
I missed you that day, but you were probably only there for a wellness check anyway,
I doubt you would have taken my report seriously. 

This morning you called again, it has been 7 days of the above, i have spent approximately 12 hours on hold, and many days spent waiting for you to arrive. You left a message when you called, directing me to the non-emergency line AGAIN, I am very busy suing you TPS, I do not have another 4 hours to wait for you to drop the call, or pickup, arrange a fake meeting, then ditch me again and again and again.

The obstruction has been proven TPS,
Nothing else is requested of you, at this time, or required.

Please call them off,
as this was likely a wellness check anyway.

I do not want to make a report at this time.

Please tell them that, because i don't have another week waste on this joke again,
let alone eternity. I have 3 big cases before the HRTO, only one of them is you.
You are obviously just playing games with the report, in order to prevent it,
due to races involved.

Those were hate crimes.

I will go to your fortress and report later if i want,
stop calling.

Regards,
Brendan Rose
[Human Rights Self-Rep Litigant Specializing in the HRTO / Media Tycoon / Software Company / Company Head / Loving Father of a Son / 100% Dad / Political Party Leader ]
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com
www.lokiskingdom.com

Sent with Proton Mail secure email.