ok, you guys are being stupid,
first of all, you tell me i'm talking about conspiracies, when I never used the word conspiracy,
you brought up that word. Not me. I'm just talking facts. You want to throw away wholesale with the use of that word.
Maam, here's what i said, not a conspiracy, independent actors all working on their own agendas, inside and outside of the government, each one of you destroying my life in your own special way, because of my race, my religious music, and my mental health disability, everyone does it differently, everyone ruins my life in their own special way, inside and outside the law, inside and outside the government, in office and on the street, acting together in concert like a flock of birds, ruining my life. THAT'S MY POSITION.

NOT FUCKING CONSPIRACY, I never use the word!
That is you, No one is getting together in a room to try to ruin my life deepdive,
Fucking apologize, take back that statement, that I believe in conspiracies,
that this is a conspiracy theory, and can therefore be thrown out wholesale,
even though people conspire all the time when they're powerful, but you throw
it auto into the garbage. So I'm asking you direct, withdraw that statement,
retract it, apologize. Replace it with the flock of birds theory.

As for the documents from my lawyer, they are in the judges files, filed away but not public yet.
Amazon has a copy, because the issue we were discussing was about Amazon taking that
information improperly, recieving it improperly due to a mistake, and then they refused to delete it,
as required by the law, refused to remove it, just kept it, anyway it's public now.

If the Judge chooses to unseal the records it's there now, I've sent it and made it public,
for anyone who wants to see. I think the matter is highly irrelevant. We are here to discuss
Human Rights Abuses. I think you're right that the 3 new cases are weak right now.
I shouldn't clutter up things when i'm winning, with new cases they can attack freshly,
I should wait for a decision mostly in silence. And if they send another NOID I destroy it.

NOID (Notice of Intention to Dismiss)
I defeated that last one, because I know what I'm talking about, you're right you laymans,
Those 3 cases are too weak, they would get chopped down easily, the 3 i have are fine,
they work fine, i should wait for a result, peacefully.

Anyway you've been programmed to hate any white man who's angry about being oppressed,
which we clearly are, by your racist system, Google you are a part of it, that's why they won't
listen now, because i say this is about race when it clearly is.

That thesis I wrote on the last NOID,
That is a legal masterpiece, it elucidates the problem perfectly.
It breaks down the situation in perfect pieces, it explains every element
of their objection, before they even make it,
It is above university professor level,
I did it in 5 hours, it is government grade.
I should be in the government,
but thanks to your jive girl, I am in the gutter....