Yeah, this this song continues to challenge me. 
This song is giving me some true hell. 
All right, well, let's get going. 
Drop it. 
If it weren't for you, I'd have nothing to hate, nobody I wanted to kill, nobody to poison, no one to fuck over. And what would I do with all these cyanide pills? If I got what I wanted, you'd be goostepping through the streets. And when you're done getting beaten up, pull out a gun, play shoot them up, die by a pathetic suicide by cop.....

But we can take it slooooooow, that's fine by meeeeee. You'll die by degrees. I'll poison you slow. So lose the clothes for me and let Loki inside. I need a body and yours is still warm. I think I'm moving in for good this time. 

Come Nimbleheim, glass city of The Divine descending down from the sky. As the gemstones glitter and shine. 

And as the psilopsybin and sights kick in again, Loki's agents have worked their way in. And the city explodes in burning fire, turning the world into a funeral pyre. 

I need a body. I need a body. I need a body. Click, click, click, click, click, click. 
I need a body. I need a body. I need a body. Click, click, click, click, click, click.


You are my acid bath. I'm dropping you in....

One piece at a time, piece by piece. 

I'll fill you up with so much raw filth. They'll call you Nurgle. I'll be your Maggot infested wound. I'll be exactly what you wanted me to be. 

Comeheim Heimdallr, the time has come for us to die. 
Rotten apple of my eye. 
Storage hole for all my lies. 

And as the mechanical angels take apart the sky and all the worlds consumed by the dot divine will be locked in combat to the death and I will laugh at you with my final breath. 

I want a body. I want a body. I want a body. Click click click click click click. 
I want a body. I want a body. I want a body. Click click click click click click. 

Build my form without knowing what you do when I rule you all. You're All still blind to me. When I ascend, you will worship at my feet and eat the dick of enlightenment. 

Come Nimbleung. Too fuck'in late to cut my tongue. And no songs are left unsung. It doesn't matter now who won! No fuckin' way I'd let even one survive. I'll depopulate the galaxy. Planet by planet, I'll put all your souls in a rape machine. And when there's no one left, I win.
Come fucking on. No fucking way I'd lose to Heimdallr. And the mead's gone to his head. If he thinks he isn't dead. I'll gouge out his eyes with my fuckin' thumbs. Have sex with the hole until I come in his brain. I'll fuck everyone that he's ever met. To death for fun to start. Breathe me in. Breathe me in. Breathe me in. Breathe me in. Breathe me in. Breathe me in. Breathe me in. Breathe me in. Breathe me in. Breathe me in. Breathe me in. Breathe me in. Breathe me in. Breathe me in. Breathe me in. Breathe me in. 

Look guys, now that the song's over, I want to talk to you about something important. This Marvel Avengers Loki from the movies. He has to go. He's confusing the issue, and people think I'm him. Now, when people hear the name Loki, they think of the Avengers instead of being overcome by the terror of death. It sucks. It's pathetic. So get on that shit, guys.