MAX
by E F S M B, Empowered Feminist Stole My Baby, 5:21 AM 2026 06 10 June 10th 2026, based on the song from April 2024

Dedicated to Max

maaaax i must vent to this
maaaxxx iiiiiiiii am sorry
for max you know what it is now
maaaaaaaaaaaxx we are discussing my religion
we will be discussing the religion
now excuse me fool

max I
maaaaax I am sorry for the mess 
MAX I'm sorry for the mess Max
I'm sorry for the mess, max

Max

I'm sorry for the mess

Max
I'm sorry for the mess max
I'm sorry for the mess max

on trial today

for the trump court of fire
trump fire trial
it's the trump trial of fire
it's the trump fire trial
it's the trump court of fire
it's the trump court of fire guys
it's the trump fascist court of fire now

ooooh sorry for the mess max
max i'm sorry for the mess
max max i'm sorry for the mess 
max i'm sorry for the mess

now we must talk about the religion
we must summon them

MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAXXX I am wearing your face today yes, max, yes max, why, why are you wearing my face today, why yes max why, yes say max, why are you wearing my face today leatherface

max why are you wearing my face today leatherface

Max says yes
Leatherface why
why are you wearing my face today?

Max says yes
Leatherface why
why are you wearing my face leatherface?

Max says yes
max says why
why are you wearing my face today leatherface?

yes max say why
why are you wearing my face today leatherface?

max yes says, max says why
why are you wearing my face today leatherface?

why are you wearing my face today leatherface?

with your grimace of disrespect today?

why are you wearing my face today leatherface?

why are you wearing my face today leatherface?

why are you wearing my face today?

why are you wearing my face today?

why are you wearing my face today?

and i say leatherface is misunderstood,
I have an abusive family you don't know how bad these guys are

now we're going to talk about the religious aspect of me in a few
sentences real quick!

well you can use any name to refer to me except my own name wretch

i should be up on big tvs all across the city all over the world

everywhere you look there should be a big tv with me on it man

it's not that i want to take away your free speech

i just think my speech should be freer and bigger than yours

i think my speech should be bigger and freer than yours

and you can use any name you want when you refer to me

you can call me max azaerello the monk who died that day

he died before the trump court of fire the trump fire trial

he died in the trump court of fire

he died that day in the trump court of fire

and trump did absolutely nothing legally wrong

and trump did absolutely nothing legally wrong

and he died that day in fire that day at the trump court of fire at the trump fire trial he died that day in the trump court of fire in the trump fire trial he died that day, 

and trump did absolutely nothing legally wrong,

made no mistakes, and broke no law,

and he died that day in the trump court of fire trial,

and he died burning in front of trump that day

and trump he did absolutely nothing at all in the world, legally wrong

he made no mistakes

he did nothing legally wrong

he made no mistakes he did not violate any law,

my attorney assures me of this.

at the trump court of fire trial where the man burned alive,

he burned alive in the trump court of fire,

but you can call me any name including Donald trump

you can call me any name including Donald trump

and you got too close to the sun and burned max

MAX!!! You got too close to the sun

and you burn max

and you burn now

max you got too close to the sun

and you burn now max 

and you burn now max

cuz you got too close to the sun Donald trump

and you burn now max

and you burn now

i did absolutely nothing legally wrong,

and i made no mistakes,

I made absolutely no mistakes

I made absolutely no not even one no absolutely no mistakes

i made absolutely no not even one made no absolutely not even one mistake

not one mistake in the world at all

and I did nothing legally wrong

i did nothing legally wrong

i broke no law

and i made absolutely no mistakes at all

and theeeeeey dieeeeeed in the trump court of fire now

and he burns in the trump court of fire

in the sight of the sun he burns in the fire now