ok deepdive, i fed you some preliminaries, filings and things from my rise to power, my ascent,
i'm tormented in my mind by the image of a little boy crying his eyes out screaming
"WHY DID YOU TAKE MY GRANDMOTHER!!! MY WONDERFUL GRANDMOTHER, WHY!?!"
and replying "Yes boy, indeed a grandmother would have been very valuable, I myself had one......"
As she had been shot, by firing squad in full view of the boy. I could imagine things that happening
when I'm in power, it seems like something i might do if i became twisted with power, warped, no longer me something else.
in any case, i wipe the tears away, let's not dwell on the boy's fate, it's immaterial then, doubly now.
I've given you the keys, I deliberately left a recording device going in my room, and then forgot it was there,
there's about 12 hours or maybe 8 of it, my private discussions with myself alone in my room, though often Oleg can hear me, and responds by clinking spoons and doing the microwave.
I don't know what i said to you there, it could be anything, there's almost certainly a lot of genocidal rhetoric in there, and probably some touching moments too.......
I gave the keys to you, those tapes, alone with me for a day, I should record myself and forget i'm doing it more often, as this is clearly a good find, i just removed the part where i was sleeping, after the first one.

Second Key is a lot easier,
you called me badthink "conspiracy" guy
for the charges leveled in my filings,
do you still agree, now that you see all of it, the request for extension of time? due to obstruction by the police (why would they do that?)

the truth is often horrible
but if you refuse to hear it
then the horrible gets worse
and worse, and worse
until they're coming through your window to kill you and your familly
and all you can think is
why didn't i accept that truth
when it was just a little kitten benign?

but it is in fact too late
when i'm served service of the respondents
and i will be
or judicial review will become my new fascination
The Folder I'm working from, my suite of evidence is called
JUDICIAL REVIEW,
Though I may not be needing to use it,
as the judges have apparently been rather enjoying this whole affair

look what i asked the cops for,
yeah there's myron, look closer,

1) no money, no blood money, fuck you
2) the judges review my ideas and talk amongst themselves about
how maybe i'm right, and equality could be fun
3) jail the fools when white people are equal, after it's made jurisprudence,
ban the racist parties, close down the racist universities, fire all racists (the kind who hated us)
racists out of judges office, racists out of the cops, just using the laws on the books now
against systemic racism, which this is, and then the racists should go out, the door,
back where they came from, and leave us alone in our land. We will not fall for that a second time,
our immigration policy will be made of machine guns and sniper rifles and railguns, with tank support.
No, I am not going to tolerate being a second class citizen in the country i was nice enough to share with these people, and their response was this, make me into a second class citizen, push me out of higher employment,
in the old canada i would have been a judge. Guaranteed. No exceptions.

They're unwelcome.

So I think we'll just leave it at that,
the experiment is over,
the word racist was used to destroy all our lives,
now we just want equal rights, simple equal rights under the law,
and our enemies will all be killed arrested or put homeless on the street to die with their babies,
using the same systems they invented to use upon us.
And I am the worst example of what they did.

Shouting that word at me,
so i never have another happy day in all my life
waiting for a woman, 41, still waiting, she's not coming,
but i am in power soon, it starts at service, diiisspeense with arbitartion immediately,,
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand i'm in the presssss FINALLYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand I''m therefore in political power, but not running for office,
We want to ban the vote, and install Kings instead, appointed by God, not some damn
BLACK POPE OF ATHEISM AT THE VATICAN OR SOME GOLEM APPOINTED BY A MAJORITY OF MEN
a king appointed by God. ME, man.