HRTO FILE 2026-68857-I & 2026-69006-I (both pre-service) - Brendan Rose - EXPLAINING CONCERN

From
Stored with zero-access encryption
Thesulfurgod@protonmail.com<thesulfurgod@protonmail.com>
Star message
Email Folder: JUSTICE FOR ALL
Has 8 attachments (19.10 MB)
Sep 22 Tuesday, September 22nd, 2026 at 8:57 AM
To
hrto.registrar@Ontario.ca<hrto.registrar@ontario.ca>

Hello Registrar,

Since none of the other respondents have been served notice yet,
I am sending this correction to you only.

In the case of 2026-69006-I, if I am not mistaken, the opposing side
has attempted to present the song CONCERN as a threat.

I am attaching some commentary and breakdowns to
assist in your deliberations, where I explain that the violence
in that song is directed almost exclusively at me and my family,
and that I am merely taking on the voice of the monster
I feel is hurting me, in the name of it's "concern" for me,
through alligator teeth. It is not a song about Eman,
I have written no songs about Eman.

Please review this if you have time,
as I have grown concerned that this song might be being used against me,
so I just wanted to explain my side of it.

It is also an anti-nazi anthem, specifically by singing from their perspective,
it causes people, hopefully to reconsider the positions they hold in alignment
with this song, essentially if the song sounds like it's advocating for your position,
that is the critique.

Thank you,


Congratulations,

Brendan S. Rose (∞)CEO, Lucifer Media Corporation
Director, EUR€CORP
EUR€CORP, a division of Lucifer Media Corporation
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com
www.lokiskingdom.com



19.04 MB
9 files attached
Download all attachments


EXPLAINING CONCERN.txt
5.08 KB

EXPLAINING CONCERN.pdf
53.22 KB

Suing_Ontario_with_ten_thousand_AI_songs (1).mp3
9.61 MB

Suing_Ontario_with_ten_thousand_AI_songs.txt
38.22 KB

Suing_Ontario_with_ten_thousand_AI_songs.pdf
112.44 KB

EUROCORP TRUE LOGO.jpg
619.64 KB

CONCERN (1).mp3
8.10 MB

CONCERN CENSORED BY SUNO - AN ANTI NAZI SONG.png
481.81 KB

image1790081835258
42.46 KB





EXPLAINING CONCERN.txt

hey deepdive,
i thought i would post lyrics to CONCERN,
just to point out, now that this is becoming a test case
for my free speech cases

I just wanted to point out why this song is about me,
In this song, I do something i do often,
I write from the voice of the monster that's hurting me, or who i fear,
i write their anthem from their own perspective, in this case,
[and yes I relish in this, i like writing from the perspective of evil]
the WHEELCHAIR represents people with disabilities, being thrown off a cliff
by this society,
kicking out the crutches, implies their next list of targets
when the prominent degenerate artist is finally "gone" or "removed",
But it also echoes that scene in A Clockwork Orange, where they kick out the crutches
from the old singing man, This is like Alex's Theme Song, especially for that scene.

Tourettes guy, yeah that's me again, i have shaking hands from all that lithium they fed me.

The old woman with her baby, is my wife, after what the police did,
putting her in jail pregnant, that's what that is
and concern, well, everything bad has been done in it's name

the song is about me.

when they let the badguys go away, it's in concern.

"if you don't do what i say bitch, i'm gonna show concern"

this is what they've turned my everyday life into.

CONCERN
by EFSMB

I'LL GET YOUR WHEELCHAIR
I'M THROWIN IT AWAYYYYYYYYYYY