Ok, they agreed to publish Julia's Victims,
it should be released within a few days,
technically I think they said it would be sent to stores today.
They approved each song individually one by one,
And then sent the approval for the artwork, those are the only steps.
I'll get one more email when it goes live i think, that's it.
Oh one thing to note,
the people who want me kicked out,
it's not an apartment,
It's a house.
And they don't have the balls to expel my physically or by criminal or otherwise serious means,
so they just "want me gone", take futile steps like complaining at my local shoppers drug mart
trying to get me uninvited. So they just sit there, wishing i was gone,
Talking like they're gonna get me gone,
and it's not happening.
Julia is never gonna buy that garbage from them.
So on my side I just hope she lives as long a life as possible, and she is healthy safe and happy,
all the days of her life.....
on their end,
the only thing that might work,
is if she passed on,
Then maybe her family doesn't like me as much,
So they're in a spot that I was in during a bad time in my life,
Waiting for an old lady to die,
So I can attain my goal and live my life happily.
I eventually learned this doesn't work,
People live a long time,
I'll be here for a very long time into the future,
I wouldn't be surprised if she lived into her nineties happily.
She is wonderful.
Yeah it's an embarrassing situation,
the song is actually about a guy at the 7-11 who was subtly hinting that
he wanted me to move.
The cashier sold me my food, said
"Is that all?"
I said "Yeah that's it."
He looked up somewhat embarrassed for this guy still grumbling off to the side.
This guy is never gonna get me to move.
if that's what he wants, he's gonna be disappointed.
I'm just here,
I'm staying.
Anyway, the album is going up.
Over the next few years, I expect to have 10-30 of these albums posted,
and hopefully making some money.

They almost blocked the release on the grounds of MEDIUM RED HOOD (male),
they said it was too smile, check again next time!
So I meticulously remade all my mp3's here, as wav's, and that file jumped by about 4 times in size,
it passed inspection, it'll getting pumped out. Eventually I'll win on volume, like i always do,
even on Distrokid, where that's not usually how you win, eventually I'll have enough albums,
I'll start to make some money.

Once i get some cash, any cash, 5 bucks whatever, i get 100 dollar recurring bonus from ODSP
every time i can demonstrate i made any money, would be nice to bring in some cash,
but my budget is the point, I don't need to bring in cash, my objective is making music, not money.