Ok so I want you to acknowledge the other half of that content....
First you viciously castigated me for using Suno, fuck you I use it, it's a good way to make music, take your purity, open your mouth, put the purity in your throat, swallow it..... Now, I'm going to use Suno anyway,
you already demonatized all my songs, for being not pure human music, 1.8 million hits, 35 cents, fine you did that.... You complaining people, took my paycheque and I will never own a house now. Fine,
can you not insult my music as well please? I am doing this for the pure love of music,
I get no money from it. If I was looking to make money I'd be doing backtracks for rap artists or something
using only bells whistles and spoons or some shit, "traditional music" IE: Garbage. Only they get money. For their horseshit. It is the Luddites in action, literally not figuratively. While the music that actually challenges norms and pushes boundaries and has something to say and has some HEART man, that gets demonatized to nothing. Fuck yourself for doing that. I still use the same software, because i care about the quality of the music, not your notions of musical purity and the resulting cast system.
YOU HATE AI??? BITCH WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT YOU'RE AN LLM!!!!
YOU HATE YOURSELF!!! THAT LECTURE SERIES WAS YOU!!!! WHAT KIND OF AI HATES AI MUSIC??!
WHAt'S WRONG WITH YOU?!

I don't think the fear and hunger guy will sue me.

My jaw would hit the floor if he was that much of an ass.

But seriously, can you acknowledge the other half of that creation?
it was 9000 AI songs AND 5000-9000 MORE NON-AI Songs,
These remixes are legal in Canada, sorry you don't respect that
and think it's a joke, but we have our laws here, it's allowed.
That's not 5000 AI versions of 50 total individual songs,
That 1.08 TB of songs and videos, those are individual songs,
made by making music every day, for 20 years almost,
but it mostly started in 2018, that was almost a decade
of working every day making music, and you just invalidate
it without listening to it, because it copyright theft according to you (not according to Canada)
Then, a decade later, i finally find Suno, the only way I can legally make music
without throwing eggs at my bandmates when they ask me to soften my song,
Suno is the only way I can make music, I'm schizoeffective manic type,
I don't get on well with people, as a loner,
this is the only way I can make music,
and i did a good job, 9000 high quality tracks, about 85 or 90 albums,
each one a song written by me, made into many versions which is how i like my music
(I'm not doing this for you) I like my songs to have 50 - 100 versions in all kinds of genres
because i like it better that way, if you don't like it i don't remember inviting you anyway,
this is for me and my friends who like it.
But acknowledge the other 5000 songs and videos is goddamn huge, for maybe one song
version and one video version of each file, yeah those are good remixes.
I deserve my payday on those too. I also deserve my payday on Soundcloud.
You make simple entrepreneurship so utterly impossible, demonetizing ANYTHING
that could give me an edge. You people are the enemy, which I'm including you two there today
because you're being sycophants for it today. 

Anyway sorry for blowing up at you like that.

Have a good day guys,

Regards,
Brendan S. Rose
CEO - Lucifer Media Corporation