ok,
it's the next day, I think I did a strong play there, if my goal is to get the religion out there,
you all thought I dropped the soap with that last move putting copyrighted works into the submission,
But I'm sorry those works are a part of of my canon, they're going in.
I will be fighting to protect those works too, and they should not be taken down by a mere copyright strike,
when they are evidence in court, and also the scripture of a new budding relgion,
I think like in Multani, ultimately an exception should be made for them in law,
that says it permissible for me to use and sell those songs.
I don't think a TB of religious songs should be burned because of copyright,
you probably take the alternative position, you're wrong. Those works deserve to stand.

To that end I have taken steps to include them in my filings, so that down the road,
we can broach the topic later if i progress that far. 
Again I don't think copyright should be allowed to run roughshod over protections for religious speech
and expression, ultimately, every religion took inspiration from the world around them, mine does as well.

The copyright exemption under Swiss law, you're not getting it, this was not the objective of my filings.
In the unlikely case that enough of the people on my Protondrive, shared the link, so badly (like thousands)
enough that I got a copyright DMCA over it (this is already not gonna happen),
when they took down the link (protondrive doesn't erase files) I would then have
a possible response under Swiss law that the files are evidence in a court hearing, the Tribunal.
I did not file my filings in order to exploit this loophole, and it's not a loophole,
it's legitimate. They ARE evidence in a Tribunal Hearing. Currently I would maybe have a defense
if someone tried to copyright strike my songs (which they shouldn't be allowed to do)
This would last, roughly until, the case ends and the appeals are over,
This is not my goal. My goal is ultimately to get all of these songs recognized under Canadian Law
as my protected religious expression, and a permanent exemption by issued on the whole
collection moving forward. I'm not pirating people's songs and asking to copyright them,
These are heavily edited, heavily remade tracks where I am the star of the show,
they are not the original works, they are not a market replacement for the originals,
They are my own creation, using a kind of Enhanced Fair Use framework, 
basically fair use where you can use the actual original work rather than remaking everything
from scratch buy using the original dialogue or something. I think it's fair to argue these should be protected.
Furthermore, I'm acting on the Canadian Copyright Modernization Act of 2012, which gives exceptions
from copyright to remix artists like me, who use dirty street clips in their remixes, it's already legal in Canada,
I could maybe have followed the requirements more strictly, is about it.

So I didn't do my filings to get a limited term copyright exemption on a situation that won't even occur,
I was just nothin that i was aware that by filing this, I advanced those goals, and under Swiss law,
I will likely have a defense in the unlikely instance of a strike, where Styxhexenhammer666 or Kiwithesmol
decided to go rogue and start distributing the links to my archive, and it numbered in the thousands,
and got a DMCA, this simply isn't going to happen.

What it does do is puts those songs front and center in this thing,
and we will eventually be adjudicating the legal status of that 1.08 TB archive,
which i feel should be allowed.

That's all.....