I have an experience that I don't know if I should tell you or not that it might it probably would offend a lot of people. Uh I don't know. I don't think I should go into that. Let's
go ahead.
Yeah, it's not a good one. Oh,
go ahead. Come on. Used to be I was a stupid kid getting into all kinds of trouble. Then it was assault. Then it was murder. Then I found the mob. My body count's so high right now. I ceased to be a killer. Now I'm just an act of God. Now I'm just an act of God. My body count so high right now I cease to be a killer. Now I'm just an act of God. Now I'm just an act of God. Cyanide is the perfect weapon. Cyanide is the perfect weapon. It can be deployed in a liquid form. You can put it in a drink. Say you're in a nightclub. Maybe you spill it. Maybe have an accident. Then you walk away and the Cyanide is seeping into his clothes. That guy's going to die-body count's so high right now. I cease to be a killer. Now I'm just an act of God. Now I'm just an act of God. My body counts are high right now. I cease to be a killer. Now I'm just an act of God. Now I'm just an act of God. Met a guy for a business deal. Guy thought he was buying drugs. He showed me the money, put a gun in his face, and told him that there is no deal. Fired it, click gun jam, beat him to death, and sealed in his big oil drum. Left it on the street outside a motel. I could see it from Harry's corner. Went back to Harry's corner for weeks after that. The drum just sat there in the street, and nobody did shit about it. One day, it was gone. No questions were asked. You should have given me 25 grand. every fuckin' month or two. Might be a lot, but if you did, I probably would have just stayed home. My body counts so high right now, I cease to be a killer. Now I'm just an act of God. Now I'm just an act of God. My body count so high right now, I cease to be a killer. Now I'm just an act of God. Now I'm just an act of God. We rolled up on this poor schmuck. He was waiting by a red light. Pulled out a shotgun. Took off his head. He never saw green. Didn't expect that. You know what I mean?
And he'd be kidding about it and I'd be laughing in the back of my mind. I'm saying this is the devil. No question about it. This is the devil.
But as of late, the Good Lord God put a good scare into me and now I see the light. Today I've become a Christian and I'm wiping out my body count. Now I do my killing in reverse and an estimated 228.
And now that I'm at 228, I'm going to hit 225. And when I hit 225, I'm going to drop to 222. And when I drop to 222, I'm going to hit 219. And when I hit to 219, I'm going to drop to 217. And when I hit 217, I'm going to drop down to 215. And when I hit 215, I'm going to drop down to 212. And when I hit 212, I'm going to drop to 209. And when I hit 209, I'm going to drop to 205. And When I hit 205, I'm going to drop to 202. And when I drop to 202, I'm going to drop to 199. And when I hit 199, I'm going to drop to 197. And when I hit 197, I'm going to hit 195. And when I hit 195, I'm going to start building muscle. Then we're going to fuck. Then we're going to fuck. Then we're going to Then we're going to Then we're going to fuck fuck. Then we're going to fuck. Then we're going to fuck. Then we're going to Then we're going Then we're going to fuck fuck. Yeah. Nice. 
He was pleased God'in all over the place. So I told him he could have a half hour to pray to God. And if God could come down and change the circumstances, he'd have that time. But God never showed up. And he never changed the circumstances.