Brendan S. Rose
on Facebook
Author
There's other men in the picture, you're applying for PERMANENT RESIDENCY, and "I'm" the badguy for reasons that make zero sense when you attack me with weapons.
No, permanent residency means i go to jail if I don't pay all your bills for 3 years, you are literally SEEING OTHER GUYS ON THE SIDE, while engaging in that contract with me.
Barely surprising the marriage contract was also not worth the paper it was printed on.

Deepdive: I'm lucky it didn't pass......
why are you siding against me on every one of these issues?
Every problem i raised is totally legitimate.
She's greedy and wants money,
The second the woman announces she's feeling greedy everything just flies out of the window.
Marriage vows, permanent residency. I was 75% of the way through that application process
when I had to pull it back because it's turned into this disaster.
Yeah If someone's cheating on you and you gave them permanent residency,
First of all, obviously don't get to live with them,
You also have to pay their rent, their groceries, their bills, gas for their car,
Everything, 2500 - 3000 a month easily.
If you don't pay that you go to jail.
They literally put you in prison.
She is CHEATING while applying for this.
For Permanent Residency,
CHEATING WHILE DOING THIS!!!!

Sally at the deepdive just launches your snide comments on why it's all my fault.
You should wakeup, review the evidence and side with me this time.

So I'd be homeless basically, paying 100% of my income to jailin to cheat with other people.
if I agreed to that, if I didn't cancel that.

sorry I am not so fucking stupid that it's my job to sign on for a contract
that fuckin' stupid, a contract that bad for me.

You wanna say, she's your wife, you should trust her, it's your job to sign on for residency for her, you just do it!

Yeah she's already cheating at that point.
She's just fucking me into debtor's prison.
While sleeping with the whole fuckin' neighborhood and denying me anything.......

My god just burn.

She's cheating month 2,
She's cheating the day before the wedding,
This behavior will put me in debtor's prison if it's not stopped.
Sorry too late to skip out on marrying you,
but that PR is not passing.
Thanks I guess for trying to kill me.

It gave me a real tangible reason to end it.

I can't believe you're the chinese wife I dreamed about meeting when I was a little boy.