I really hate going outside.
I'm a MAP.
Not gonna hurt anyone, like I am literally a danger to no one, unless you starve me until i go crazy, even then.......
I don't want to go in that courtroom because they'll just
start referencing minor mistakes I made and little problems in my filings and charges that I made sweeping accusations with serious consequences, and then I'll behave like a scared MAP, and they'll see a guilty man, they'll ignore 800 pages of arguments prior, and just see a guy sweating bullets when asked if this frivolous and all made up, I'll be sweating because they began that using language that includes words like "preference" and one time after another I'll wince worm and worry on the stand, my points will fall to the wayside, it'll just be a referendum on my mannerisms......

The judge will rule against me.

I'll make a strong case in Judicial review,
come time for the hearing....

The Judge will rule against me......

Yeah, exactly the problem.......
I don't know, I run a pair of six sided dice, it it adds up to 4 or less,
I think that's what happens, 5 or higher, I place better odds that
I surprise them in hearings, I am smarter than they think,
for instance they think I'm an LLM, no man,
that wall of text right there, the third today,
that's not an LLM, that's me.... lol

Yeah it's a dirty little secret,
That most people try not to talk about......

I swear I'm not a danger to anyone, they, they have stereotypes about us that just aren't accurate,
just because you are that way it doesn't mean you're gonna hurt someone or commit a crime,
most of us don't. The vast majority of us do not do that........

I've blabbed enough that you can kinda extrapolate what's going on from my online postings,
it's sort of out in the open, but not in direct clear terms that are actionable,
rather in implication, in metaphor, my choice of song lyrics, it's implied but not stated,
and at least so far, nobody has really objected to that,
I feel like I've found the line......

But try, getting through a government hearing when people look at you like that,
I can do it in emails, I can destroy in emails and earn real justice,
In person, frankly there's not gonna be a bunch of kids in the courtroom
I can probably maintain the room long enough to walk out without it being
an issue, but neurotypical people tend to fixate on this issue when it's identified......

I don't really fear the adjudicator will, I think they see stuff like that every day,
and they're trained to focus on the details of the case,
but the prosecution, as I'll call them, no the defense,
They are likely to fixate on that hoping it'll press home the advantage,
I just hope this doesn't rob me of justice walking in the door,
when I have every reason to believe i win on the strength of what I've submitted so far.

bye