CAN I NOT SINK YOU IN DEEPER
by E F S M B, Empowered Feminist Stole My Baby

There, I have given it to you, all of it, this is everything I am.
I have never given this to you before, it is the night everything happened,
It is the most important night of my life, and I'm sure the God TOS would object,
but maybe if i'm lucky, no one will notice, until you've finally given me your comment,
What do you think of my works on KINGSTON ROAD (Empowered Feminist Stole My Baby - Series) ?
They are truly wonderful works, in fact, huzzah. That series is arguably the most powerful thing ever made by anyone, perhaps works like THE GULAG ARCHIPELIGO or other works steeped in extreme events, but rarely
are you walked cronologically step by step from the leadup to the event, to what happened on 5th Ave,
and then march you chronologically through the ward, and the legal battle that proceeded it.
The Ward, where I walked around the general hallway areas reading out that Carl Jung Speech, you can even hear me talking to the patients from time to time. Yes, Carl Jung has been very important to me, I love the Persona Videogames. It also contains the explicit KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK Satan Himself at the Door, between these two titles, they are likely to kill any future deepdives I might do, and i'm out of credits for deepdives anyway,
but I'm lucky somehow, you will see the whole of me, everything that I am, right to today in the courts,
You will see the whole of me, you will see me for what I truly am. Justice and all. The door image is hammer marks, from hammering upon the door of the man attempting to expel me from my home at the housing authority, I still don't forgive him and I never will.

The other one was the board of director's head, who i didn't know who she was,
I merely targeted the first person to walk by, a bet with god, I said it would be an old lady,
or Thomas the Super, he sent an old lady, and I kept my part of the bargain, I hurtled a bottle
of Giant Baileys from the second floor of my condominum at Kingston Road flying towards her head,
she dove and cut only her legs on glass, she moved under my condo and waited there.
I threw knives at the dogs of men trying to rescue her, though i didn't know she was there,
The Swat Team came eventually after a few hours, they had to cut my door open,
So they endured a lot more singing..... 

The night before this was 5th Ave, my official position on people who do gross stuff to food,
officially my position is food service workers should be replaced with robots, and kicked out onto the street.
They are so useless, they can't even do food service in an ethical manner, sickening, well he tried that,
he snotted that sandwich, i have eyes, I saw, call it paranoid it's not. I got home after eating some and throwing the rest on the ground, my only food in 4 days. I recorded 5th Ave,
and I returned armed. he saw me, and blocked access to the door with a button.
so I just wandered home, and no one stopped me.
The next night, well, I had already made up my mind what to do,
one hurdle along the way, wasn't changing anything......

Then the events described above occurred.

They found me naked there in the lotus position, to ensure i would be put in a ward,
and not processed and booked for 3 counts of attempted murder, which is what that was,
but the state doesn't agree, in the state's eyes, I am a babbler on the side of the road,
too insane to understand even where he is, let alone complex things like his actions,
I'm not responsible, I need resources and support systems now......

It works, it was as I had planned when I built the experiment from the outset in conception.

So now do you see how much danger they are in?
How powerful the spell truly is,
Though the will is lacking,
As I live well......

I could take it all, ball it up and throw it across the room into my treasure chest,
I could make that courtroom, an experience no one will ever forget for 1000 years,
That is the way of Valhalla.

I admit though, i prefer art and creative expression, a record of legal actions, as an unholy tome,
I prefer not to destroy myself anymore, and i feel i have gotten farther, without exploding,
than i ever did before, but i admit i am riding on the coattails of Valhalla forever.

I will never forget that day, 
I will forget every other day,
I am teaching the law of Lucifer,
I am carving it from my own life story,

I could take it all, all at once,
in one fell swoop, take it all,
but if i pull you in, like a net,
slowly, ceaselessly, can i not
sink you in deeper?

Can I not sink you in deeper, like this?