At it's core it's a mockery of redpill dating tropes in fiction.
Specifically the trope of, "she ignored him when he was a loser, now he's a millionaire!"

But.... lol......
Where it goes to in my song, holy shit......
It's not, he was a loser, it's he is hanging out on the street with his phone blasting music
at women who hate the music so much they're walking out in front of traffic to get away from it.
And she rejected him,
But LOOOOOK!!! Turns out, he's the king of his own space fleet, flying around in his space crusier.
She should have dated him when he was blasting music at her on the street!!!
Now he's the King he won't even want her anyway.....
Then the woman's trying to meet the president, and the guy's talking to her trying to get her to listen to his music. The woman walks away angrily, but he's making some changes, suddenly he's the president.... but..... he's lonely...... his dog is dead, he misses him..... he is alone..... alone...... blowing up planets, lonely........ he still has his copy of the fountainhead, but it's discarded, and he has millions of dollars on the table, but it's hollow, you know?
Then he's buried..... alone. No one comes to his funeral except robots. But then he's
a skeleton in a graveyard, he flies outside the universe and meets the spirit of everything,
and it sends him back as a baby.....
and the sequence begins again on the road.

What's the moral of the story?

"Ladies,
You should date a guy when he's an obnoxious weirdo playing his music for you on the street,
because that guy will become an alien overlord, and the president, with a million dollars! But it's lonely, it's hollow, because you said no to him, and you are that hollowed out feeling in his heart he can't quite name when he's the president with a million dollars blowing up planets, you're what was missing in his life, lady! He dies alone."

So as you can see,
It's an unbelievable subversion of that original cheesy redpill trope.
It turned into a biomech, it no longer resembles the original trope,
it's just wearing it like a mask, for all this other assorted garbage
floating around in my subconscious, like, who's side is he even taking
in this, well, it has a message, ok?

It has an actual message.