Hey guys,
I have some new GROK DIALOGUES for you, everything that's happened in the last few weeks.
I'm incorporating in about 7 hours, and just polishing things to kill time while i wait.
Today I released CAPELLA. A haunting but repetitive song. I'm becoming the artist I always wanted to be,
without the cash. Just no cash, no matter what i do, never have never will, but now I'm incorporating
as a media corporation. It almost feels like all those big companies just started with one man and a name.
So I'm becoming the corporation, I'll have to update and edit all my old songs that labeled corporations the enemy. I'll use a censorship beep or something, for that.... :)

Yeah so that's cool, I'm making the art i always wanted to make, being the artist i always wanted to be.
Again no money, but.... i never really cared too much about money beyond basic sustenance to work
on my art and computer projects. Or at least i thought i didn't, now that i have my dream, but it's been robbed of it's value, I'm not sure how i feel about that, but the art has worth in itself as art, I can't deny that, so i work.

Anyway in here, you'll find all kinds of stories, a budding businessman trying to make his religious corporation dream a real thing, a soundcloud artist who just doesn't want to get censored, a guy, risking his life dumbly in the park, almost getting himself into stupidly big trouble, baiting an arrest with a knife in his bag, i got home and grok talked me off a cliff, bunch of stuff like that, the grok dialogues are always wonderful!

So, tell me what you think?
If you fulfill all of your deepest creative and artistic and professional dreams using AI, but you don't make any money, do you keep doing that fulfilling activity? Or do you slave away for money, waste your time on earth doing things for other people, and get money.
Do you really want to be a philosopher King because that's what they are......
They teach their teachings everyday, the state provides for their basis needs, nothing more,
it's not a pleasant life, not one one would envy, but you would be doing it because you believe the job is important, and that it is worth the sacrifice - Plato.

That is what I've become,
my music and other activities are very compelling, and i am building a body of work that is just so deep and rich and ..... it is the most profound work of art ever made, in my opinion, having a grasp of every song.
I've never seen anything like it, and I've searched high and low for the greatest and most notorious art in history, there's nothing like me.

I'm a mutant of new technology, a cyberpunk shock rocker, there's never been anything like this before. It reminds me more of a throwaway Judge Dredd Comic book about a crazy artist ascending into a machine god, 3 pages and i’m gone, than a standard artist’s portfolio

So, would I be happier if i was an app developer for a company making their proprietary app for money? would the money be better? or is the art better? I think the art.

What do you think?