Subject: HRTO File 2026-67461-I – Additional letter forming part of Applicant’s written submissions
Registrar: hrto.registrar@ontario.ca
Michele Warner: Michele.Warner@camh.ca
TPS Hate Crimes Unit: hate.crime.unit@torontopolice.on.ca

Dear Registrar,

Please include this email in my formal written submissions.

CAMH / TORONTO POLICE SERVICE
HRTO File No.: 2026-67461-I
Applicant: Brendan S. Rose
Respondents: Toronto Police Services Hate Crimes Unit;
Center for Addiction and Mental Health (CAMH)
Filer: Brendan S. Rose
Telephone: 437-432-9165
Email: thesulfurgod@protonmail.com
Mailing address: 11 Stanley Ave, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M6J1A4
Date: August 18, 2026

The Registrar in his(her) letter,
Cited the following example:

Adjudicator:            David A. Wright
Date:                   September 29, 2010
File Number:            2009-03983-I
Citation:               2010 HRTO 1994
Indexed as:             Dabic v. Windsor Police Service

I feel Dabic may not have been the best example for my case,
unless the point was to contrast it against a frivolous case,
with little value.

Dabic was involved in an altercation, police came and arrested him,
this was largely standard procedure, police did their jobs,
They did not - funnel him into some alternative services
beside the criminal justice system where his case belongs.

Furthermore, Dabic cited racism against his Serbian status,
but the Toronto Police are not racist against Serbians,
unlike in my case, vs the Toronto Police Hate Crimes Unit,
A division designed entirely to further racist (or race based)
decisions against primarily white people.
They provide additional protection and additional faster service
to people of an ethnic minority persuasion, they file aggressively
harder charges against white individuals (upgraded charges)
which do not apply to ethnic minority citizens like Black individuals.
Rather they are more likely to recieve preferential treatment,
generally, over for instance, a white complainant, as this is the
purpose of the hate crimes unit, to discriminate.

So in the case of Dabic, allegations of racism by Toronto Police, are highly suspect,
and unlikely to be true. In the case of ROSE v. Toronto Police Services Hate Crimes Unit,
I merely allege that the officer was doing his job that day,
and nothing more. A white mentally disabled person attempted to report a crime,
and I was immediately removed, without taking the report (doing their job)
if their position is there was no racial bias, odd considering that is his job,
but let's say he set work aside when I called, the fact that the call was
routed away from the Hate Crimes Division without taking the report,
and I was sent to, (in this order) free food and housing for mentally disabled
homeless people, and then, when I pressed the issue of still wanting to
file my report, they threatened to incarcerate me in CAMH for a month or so.
And the arrival of the team was only negotiated away successfully (with no promises)
when the officer reading the transcript or audio of my interaction,
noticed HRTO was being mentioned seriously, at which point he called them off,
and the threatened incarceration in CAMH was avoided.

This is not how a neurotypical citizen is generally treated when try to report a crime.

And for those reasons I feel Dabic may not have been the best analogue for my case,
as it was frivolous. (in my opinion)

Kindest Regards,
Brendan S. Rose
CEO - Lucifer Media Corporation
Self-Represented Applicant
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com
