Ok,
I sent you an audio overview of the most recent Soundcloud letter, you killed it in processing.....
I sent you a clean audio overview of the general elements of my cases, you killed it in processing.....
I had created a new room to discuss my cases, as i had run out of credits on my other account, and I have this backup account, which i also purchase the google +++ thing for, so I can make a few deepdives
when i run out on the other, and you've been happy to talk about all of this, but will a lot more supporting documents, I suppose you're lacking some information and context the other room has that makes you
question my character, while they generally agree.
Or maybe you just wanted a note,
That works sometimes.......
This is what i fear the most.

...

Nothin's comin to me, nevermind.......
Jeez I hope you don't charge me for these fuckin things, 
The Deepdive owe's me 4 long audio overviews a day,
I don't wanna hear you took 3 delivered 1 debate, and now I'm out of audio overviews,
I'd find a way to get my revenge.
So my badass music is the most hardcore music ever my,
my most hardcore stuff is just actually illegal, that stuff goes on Rumble,
and Bitchute Archives, The biggest archive of hatefullness was actually an old Youtube account,
It was terminated ultimately on the third strike in conjunction on KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK SATAN HIMSELF AT THE DOOR, it was truely a treasure of an archive, some my finest works, most totally irreperable,
After the events of Kingston Road, where i was starved to the point that violent crime seemed rational, as i would have died if i had to wait even 10 more days without food.

These may occupy the weeds with some worms for a day, or two,
each is a scandal beyond scandals, in 4 days they are forgotten, 
fallen asleep in the new meta.

I expect I will, the judge is setting many precedents, not just adverse affect discrimination,
The Judge wants me to win so he can rule (AI is disability aid under the law) and
(Canada has the right to enforce it's laws, like adverse affect discrimination rules, in it's business dealings with foreign powers, and that they should build accessibility into their systems to avoid further similar lawsuits emerging from Canada - Canada has tried this before with limited success with the DST, Negotiated away to the Idiot Trump, who then ate the deal, randomly, a few days later, throwing the pieces on the floor, while taking the thing he robbed.)

The Achilles Heel, I'm sorry to say, is me, it could easily grow dramatic.
While I could be the one mistake in this plan, I like to think,
I like to read, I like law and legal arguments, and all I need to do is get to the hearing,
so the judge can rule. If I make a deal he cannot rule. If I fail and lose he cannot rule.
I will endeavour to win, in both cases, but i cannot promise I wouldn't make a deal with
Soundcloud if they offered something of value, like the ability to make a living on their platform,
In the way I had been trying to do all along.

I wouldn't lose sleep over it.....

I think in both cases I'm being coached to a victory, but no guarantees......

Also included, some loki mythology, loki music, loki SKYSCRAPER,
etc etc, ya know..... the usual stuff.....

-Loki