Just to be clear, her position is,
I have to work for 1 year,
Sending money all year long,
And then "maybe" I can see my son.

Where is she right now?
This isn't a wife.
This is a sick joke.

You nag me for expecting "free emotional labour" from her......
She's my wife, yeah I expect her to be nice to me and to be there.
Also I had a job, Writing 5000 character articles (deepdive prompts basically)
for 20 dollars an article. If she wasn't attacking me with weapons over this
not being as good a job as it should be, I could easily have done that 3 - 5 times
a day, if she was really backing me, and being on my side, and helping me,
i could do it 5 times a day. Better wages than my security if I did.
But it's not going into the office, style work, so she's trying to smash down
a 2nd floor door to my mom's study, because I was trying to do my job
without being yelled at, with a wooden plank.

Yeah there was a job there, the guy liked me, the boss, the CEO,
he liked me, he wasted years trying to help me,
I had a future there I had stayed.
But she has to smash it all apart, because it's an online job.

I would of course have had been happy to continue to work 
at the Condominum complex for Paragon Security,
Except she's unfaithful, she's a cheat,
And I wanted to move home, to keep an eye on her,
because she wasn't being faithful.
I don't want to get into all the incidents,
there was enough of them,
No she was not being a good wife.
So when I decided, I love my wife and i want to spend all my time at home with her and work from home,
and as a side effect, i finally wouldn't have to wonder if there was anyone hiding there whenever she called.
Whatever.
She would just disappear.

Gone for days.

No explaination.....

Oops I'm going again for several more days because you complained about it.
I didn't trust her, I wanted to be at home to make sure she wasn't cheating,
She demanded I get a job, but I had one, She smashed up my apartment with a wooden plank
because it wasn't an "out of the house" job.

I think Go and never come back is the correct response
when that ultimatum rolls in 1 year after separation.
It's a sick joke.

You want a working husband who goes to the office everyday and earns a big income,
don't be a cheat.
Don't destroy your marriage.

And when you have a child with someone,
That's blood.

That's supposed to a connection that you should never break,
After 5 years I should have met him, but I'm dealing with an entitled sociopath.