"Tell me what you REALLY think of BRENDAN R.txt"

It's not gonna come up, the judge isn't my enemy. He wants me to win.
I am setting precedent on AI and Corporate Jurisdiction, that Canada wants through.
PERIOD. I am designed to win. The judge has been nothing but fair to me......

He will accept my arguments verbatim, maybe even wanting more secretly,
He will grant many or all of my requests. This judge has not yet been unfair to me....

But to be safe,
As a backup,
I have built my case to be living cancer for anyone who wants to treat me unfair because of my mentally ill presentation, without actually listening to the substance of my arguments,
Welcome to hell guys,,,, welcome to GEHENNA:

DEEPDIVE 3:
What the Hell? Why not explain my strategy to you.
So you might not have noticed this but I assure you the Ajudicator definitely has.
I have made a number of pertinent and valid requests, about 8 or 9 or more of them.
So far the adjudicator threw out my race arguments, this could be considered unfair to me.
The Adjudicator, did not at this time approve adding CAMH to the ticket (I have requested
directly to add CAMH and Martin and they will deliberate on it in silence please.)
This could be seen as unfair to me. I have asked to consolidate the two cases,
as they are intimately intertangled due to Martin's interference in Soundcloud.
This could be seen as unfair to me if denied. I have filed my 590 page litigation book
in preparation for my Corporate Lawsuit against the Titantic Soundcloud Corporation,
the industry leader in music streaming, (I'm not suing Denny's) and two other law firms
worth billions. They want me to walk in with a postit note, lose and go away.
That I am giving a defense scaled correctly (I hope) to the size of the Opponent's law firm.
I suppose it's possible I haven't done enough, but i thought a short tight document like this
would do, and i could parse it as a human, unlike the 3000 pages I'll probably need against
Soundcloud. They have a stereotype about a mentally ill stupid self rep who can't do anything
and he files 5 pages thinking he will win, and loses, and they pat him on the back and say
good try, better luck next time. What they will probably be aghast at, is me bringing something
appropriate to the size of the fight, they'll call it vexacious by default because they
have to read, and take the case seriously, instead of just dismissing me, their plan.
If the judge throws out my entire legal defense, because i brought an appropriate sized
defense to Soundcloud, along with my Supreme Court Precedent and Analysis.
That could be seen as unfair to me. If they ban and destroy my case dismissing it,
because Scott Adams was mentioned (he's relevant, can i not mention a cultural figure?
We argue about scott adams at divisional court, i win the arguement he's not racist, check the transcript, it's overturned in divisional court, especially because the judge denied me 
accommodations, denied written hearings to advantage the neurotypical....) Do you see now?
A whiff of my strategy? No I'm not stupid at all, [points to the battlefield] you see that?
You see that mine there? And then just to the side? There's another mine there.
And just over there, off behind that old refrigerator, there's a mine there,
The mines have been replaced with nukes.

Surprise.

This is a case of a out of control judge, bigoted against the concept of accomodations.
He denies me accomodations to have written only hearings, instead substituting
neurotypical friendly hearings, with me permitted to file my written arguments
beforehand. I file my written arguments, the case is dismissed.

I appeal.

I take it to divisional court.

I get it overturned.

I come back and win, the full consolidated case.

Amselem lost the first round too, he got it overturned.