Stephen Cahill - Introductory Briefing.pdf

So, today was fun,
I met Stephen Cahill, the guy on the other end of the Suno Support Bot,
And I said hi to him, and basically just wished him good luck.

It is my desire to make a deal with Soundcloud in Arbitration,
I'm going to aim for this until there is no reasonable hope of advancing it.
I don't see them as an enemy, I have explained that to them.
I don't think they see me as an enemy, or they would have just deleted me.

Email 2, was basically about laying out the case I'm planning to make,
so that Soundcloud can understand that my grievances are legitimate,
there is a real risk of the Tribunal siding with me therefore if i make
it to a hearing, and it's in their best interest and mine to resolve the issue,
in a way that works for everyone. I went over the main pillars of my case,
what I'll be arguing if i get to a hearing. And it's a pretty strong case,
There is a real chance this would get picked up in Canada.

I think people waiting for the Registrar, to remove the crazy guy,
are really misreading him(her) in a big way. I think they will be disappointed.
If they're waiting for a ruling on jurisdiction, that was partially addressed already
when service was granted, they wouldn't have granted it if they thought it was too big of an issue, now we're on "no reasonable prospect", and I have hella reasonable prospect, and people are still waiting for the Registrar to remove the crazy guy.

I think it's asinine.

They should speak when spoken to, instead of resorting to cowardly silence
like the badguys in Lokasenna.

Anyway,
Email 3, with my arguments out of the way,
was basically, a warm handshake extended towards Stephen Cahill,
I invite him to side with me on Accommodations, I advise him
to mount a defense instead of waiving his opportunity which he
was advised he could do. I gave him every opportunity to view this
conflict not as a hostile negotiation between enemies but
a disagreement between friends with every reason to think
a reasonable deal can be achieved.

Just giving him a chance to be nice to me,
and trying my best to help get him up to speed.

A very nice email.

We'll see what he says in a few weeks (probably).

I'm cautiously optimistic, and this stance helps me even if he ultimately
sides against me in a hostile manner, it shows i was willing to work with him
early on, and wanted to reach a settlement of some sort.