WITHOUT PREJUDICE - Opening Offer to Kill the Case.pdf
DEAL.mp3
Stephen Cahill (Soundcloud) COVER LETTER.pdf
FIGHT.mp3

Hey guys,
So it's been a few days of fallout after my
letter to Stephen Cahill,
Laying out my terms for ending things,
He's, I was very happy to see he didn't "complain that the crazy man is sending me emails full of songs Registrar ask him to stop...." no, nothing of the sort,
He received it, he read it,
He considered what value it had to him,
and he filed it away.....

And just today Soundcloud Expedited my dispute against a false copyright flag on one of my songs. Usually that takes a while, they did it right away, i take that as an act of goodwill, they expect i'll be there for a while, perhaps incorrectly lol......

On the case I have publicly stated several times that I do not hold Soundcloud accountable
for anything the police or camh or martin have done. I suggested to him he should argue
the stories he's hearing from my other cases are alarming, to say the least,
but Soundcloud is not responsible, and we simply cannot grant his request to reverse our demonetization policy at this time. I going out of my way to point out that athough there is connection between the cases,
it is because CAMH via Martin interfered in the process at the very start of the case, 
in a way that would make me seem like a lunatic, it very nearly tanked me.
So the cases are connected due to that, BUT, it is a one way street, Soundcloud bears no responsiblity for Martin interfering in the case to the point i consider them connected. Only CAMH is liable in my formulation.

if i was Stephan, I would basically on board with that, full indemnity from responsiblity in this
horribly hydra of a case with TPS/CAMH, and all he has to do is fight fair on demonetization,
and he could probably win that.

To me i gave the best deal i was able to give,
A deal that i would accept if i was offered it.

Standard clauses given freebies on early deals,
A deal for nothing, plus a carve out for AI demonetization (IE: a counter offer that doesn't insult me)
Free NDA until Summary Hearing. Close the other case for free until Summary Hearing. ($50,000 to close the TPS/CAMH cases if you want to- in a deal on terms listed) In other words, if I win summary hearing,
A big if to be sure, right now. Then the price goes up, it's now 100k an NDA, 50k to close the other cases when negotiating terms on your own to completion. Obviously if we get past the next stage after that it goes up considerably, Mandatory Mediation also changes things if i get past Summary. Basically he see's a whole lotta promises, a guy who at his heart only wants to make a living and see his family, and we'll see if i deliver on those promises, then maybe if he's not wasting his money on me,  probably he wins something nice in arbitration and i wander off to fight the TWOOFER, (TPS/CAMH) my true enemies from day one.
Since i arrived in this damn city. My two enemies, thank God they were not too strong for me to face, i will DEFEAT THEM. Yes, i will.