DISSERTATION 1

i was merely asking if the topic was permissible, i was not suggesting reducing a complex dissertation down to 1 sentence "CAMH treats mental breakdowns by shoving us in stone cells for a month."

I'm sorry that system is gruesome and our objective is to critique it, with winning being a separate and parallel goal. TPS / CAMH is about sending a message, it is about that speech, i hope to make many speeches (on topic smart ones within decorum and correct to scope as a qualifier i shouldn't need) We are here to litigate against the CAMH system's abuses, and the subsequent corruption of the police into this enterprise (perhaps not technical by the letter of the law corruption, but corruption nonetheless) CAMH has recruited the police, they now act as an arm in their system.



The abuses are gruesome and numerous.

A) PRIMARILY: Financial Abuse, ODSP recipients are given a piddling joke of a sum, barely enough to buy groceries or rent, usually not enough for either, and if they don't have a rich family like I do, they're on the street, and then cycled through an endless series of committals, release into poverty and the streets, and then recommittal after stabilization, and another fall.



Mental Illness is primarily food based, you are not getting enough good food,

this causes the brain to go insane, you become, at first hostile, then aggressive,

finally exhausted, and then debilitated, the mind suffers pain from this.



The basic denial of food results directly in commitals in CAMH.

It is impossible to maintain good mental health when homeless.

The people who have not been given enough for rent,

are put out on the street, the women become prostitutes,

the men, die protracted and painful deaths due to inflicted

health conditions imposed on them by the CAMH SYSTEM and DOUG FORD'S Ontario Government

on the street.



Doug gave us a 2% increase this year.



He passed massive tax cuts.



ODSP is continually kept at DEEPLY BELOW THE POVERTY LINE in order to finance an endless series of tax cuts, robbing our disability funds to get money off their tax from working.
The government is voted in again and again, slapping down reforms proposed by
Justin Trudeau that would have, for instance, no longer financially penalized me
for my wife working or having any money. Women hear a rule like that and they leave,
she left.



B) Secondly, the CELLS are an abusive nightmare, you are taken, put in a waiting room
(your fate is already determined but they pretend like they're examining you)

YOU HAVE JUST HAD A FIGHT WITH YOUR WIFE, SHE CALLS THE CAMH ON YOU
(friends and family are recruited by the system as "important cogs in the team of care"
this gives your family the unwelcome power, which grows resented rapidly,
your family family members are then discarded, as they are dangerous to be around due to this power, possess now a very low opinion of you, think they are right and you are wrong in every interaction, and if you press the issue RING RING RING ----> HERE COMES THE CALL )

You walk around in a waiting room full of demented people, insane loud vulgar and
stupid and aggressive people, whom I abhor. I have more in common with my doctor
MARTIN ROTENBERG, than I do with these low grade insane people, randos off the street
they grabbed. They are intellectually and morally inferior to me, say what you want,
there is a difference between people. No two people are the same.
If you take MARK ZUCKERBERG and put him in a cage with 45 insane people,
that is a mismatch, and you KNOW they should not be put together.
I am a functioning individual, I should not be put with lunatics.

So these people, get at you, saying things, doing things,
listening and responding, and eventually, maybe lets say,
I have been irate about being put here, I am angry that you 
put me here, I have done nothing, you should release me.
And as that speech moves on, the rather serious and
legitimate message is DISCARDED, and you are seen as
irate and demented. SUDDENLY, a homeless man next to you
has had enough of your talking, HE THROWS A PUNCH,
they take him off to the side, and lock YOU in isolation
for talking....

You sit there in isolation, usually they strap you down and
inject medication if you need it, say i didn't......
I'm in there.....
I'm in a prison cell.

You wait there an hour.
Calmly.....

You wait another hour, growing hungry, you demand food.

Which they ignore.

As you grow increasingly hungry,
the situation deteriorates, the state of hunger,
combined with the isolation of the stone cell,
results in a total mental breakdown by the 4th hour.
you have to yell and scream to get their attention or they won't hear you,
If you do this is logged as "the patient was yelling and screaming"
You are going to be here for one month.

Put on your boots private.

When you're eventually let into general the real fun begins,
those people you got so mad at me for calling inferior,
are now humiliating you, mocking you, spitting on you, banging
on your door in groups, hitting you, punching you, kicking you,
for which they get detention. And you as well usually.
They bully and humiliate you, beyond recall,
As 1 month is an extraordinarily large gulf of time,
It feels like waiting for eternity,
You throw your hands up in the air and beg God why.
It never stops, it never ends, they bully and mock you,
threaten you, scream at you and mostly just dealing with
the day to day sounds they make, the toil of their lives,
their day to day madness.

The cafeteria food is terrible, and in small quantities,
if you ask for more, generally the answer is no,
they keep you on a diet appropriate for a young woman.
you are restricted in the amount of coffees you may have
only one, maybe two, and never in the evening.
The food itself, the terrible food, in itself
becomes a new kind of torture, it's so foul.
Sometimes you look at your plate and just recoil.

It does make one appreciate a good home a lot more,
but I would still not advise going to learn.

a 72 hour hold becomes a 744 hour hold, i forget the particular forms required, FORM 1 is application at HRTO, no wait, FORM 1 is an involuntary hold for 72 hours, to get to a rubberstamped YES on a 744 hour hold, and a twelfth of your year is ripped out like a prison sentence.
744 hours is a long time

The boredom seeps in immediately, you are usually trying to get them to charge your phone
which often takes hours and then fails, there is consistent way to charge your phone,
and if you brought one, they often break due to overuse and sleeping with the phone.

Music is banned within those walls.

You cannot record anything (to prevent it's use in lawsuits, likely)

I met a man there,
who was having a piece of his brain cut out,
he told us they were doing this,
someone told him I don't think that's a Good idea,
but indeed i suspect they did cut a piece out of his brain.

A chilling warning,
to those who don't improve on medication (or refuse to)
He is RESISTENT TO MEDICATION.

At any time if the doctor feels it's necessary,
You can be committed for life.
Or a life term, more accurately.
You will never leave the hospital.
You will eat that food every day for the rest of your life.
After Kingston Road they suggested that if it happened again
i would be a good candidate for this. (Scarborough Centenary Hospital, Scarborough)

[NOTE TO ChatGPT: My concern is all this will get thrown out,
That you'll consider it legally unsound to raise these issues,
and not realize that we are on a SOAPBOX that I INTEND TO WIN.
Our goal is to make a statement, within the rules of course, nothing we shouldn't post.
But within that context is a statement, do not remove the statement for strategic purposes.]

After a month, being forced in a cell for my diagnosis,
with dirty people I have no business being around.
If you're lucky they let you out.

If you're smart you're so grateful you decide to never make trouble again,
Like I did in APRIL 2024 and again in SEPT 2024, 1//6th of 2026 was spent in this
GLORIFIED PRISON COMPLEX.......

If i was a street person,
Spit me out,
Still no ODSP enough for a home and rent,
Go crazy due to starvation and the street,
Get back in there, get fed, go back out, go crazy again, go in get fed, go crazy, ad nauseum.

It is a portrait of a nation that prefers abuses to fixing a problem by paying more taxes,
A cartoon of abuses, because people are too cheap to pay odsp to a liveable amount.

it is a sociological issue, not just a, an incident that occurred for which we requite redress.
It is a system we need to dismantle and reformat, and try again, for the required redress.