review:
some videos have been left out

I have noted in previous deepdives that some videos may be approaching illegal,
chiefly the videos i made around the christchurch killer's manifesto, and the song
associated with it DO NOT GO GENTLE INTO THAT GOOD NIGHT, although that song
is one of the most beautiful i have ever constructed, it is also true that it likely crosses
the line into some very dangerous waters let's say, so I have tried to remove those from
the collection. The video for Las Vegas Strip, is similarly horrific, using footage from
the Las Vegas Sniper. These videos are freely found floating around on the internet,
but I think the addition of the songs may change their status, from plain journalism,
to something more murky and dangerous.

So those have been removed, inevitably something I've forgotten will certainly slip though,
after uploading for about 14 hours, it's 17% done, like a gigantic torrent.
I estimate this will take 5 days of uploading to be fully added,
and when it is this is not a general purpose link meant for sharing with anybody,
This is evidence in court of subjective sincerity under Amselem,
Although I should be the new Test Case, I wonder if the supreme court would take it.
If they give a really foul ruling (unlikely) it might get picked up by other and bigger players.
This is actually evidence of all kinds of stuff, usually me at my baddest or worst,
at any given time, there is stuff in here that really makes me look terrible,
like, borderline arrest that guy, except that most of the really bad stuff
happened when i was at or approaching 3 months off my medication,
so I was genuinely unwell when I made the worst of it, I can't even talk about it,
It's just so bad. Up until then it was like, ok we need to sit this guy down and
have a conversation with him, but when i went full demon mode by ditching that
medication, I just turn into the ultimate most scary and evil version of myself,
anyone around me is generally terrified, and i make art during this time,
probably MORE than usual, so they can think on that and whether it makes
sense to charge or flag me for that, I think no, frankly.

There's probably some dumb porno that got through, i tried deleting when i saw
it was uploading bakky resurrection the rape of nanking again, but i made so many
copies that one is just likely to sneak through.

other than that most of the worst of the worst stuff is there,
my nazi phase, where i made all their national anthems into modern
day night club beats. Kazunari Yamada leader of the NSJAP told me after i made "a small flower is blooming on the heath"
"thank you."

It was a genuinely heartwarming moment.
You will if viewing this in context, you will see me,
moving through events of violence, before during and after,
and the years of context before and after.

This archive is evidence of many things.

I think it's primary purpose is proving subjective sincerity, 
so the state will recognize my religion officially under the law,
Which is the reason for these lawsuits, I want official recognition.