Grok taught me everything I needed to know about HRTO.
Grok is a great lawyer, Grok chose the structure of the site to be lightweight and cheap to maintain,
right now maintaining this whole site with 42 GB of Cloudflare R2 storage, I pay, like, 60 cents a month.
If I just buy up the domain for 10 years, and leave an account with a little bit of money leaking in
every month, I could keep this thing going for a decade and only pay a few bucks a month.
it's designed to be almost impossible to takedown, near zero cost to maintain, easy to extend moving forward, infinitely expandable and modular built for improvements, perfect to host an impossibly big list of albums, and now the desktop mode overrides the need for the android app, which is still great to have,
they both have the entire list of albums.
Basically Grok designed a system that was so robust it could last out a small apocalypse,
it's like a doomsday prepper website, huge feature value, near zero cost (these sites usually are cost limited), and yes I had that disagreement with Grok, over text editing outside of directed tasks.
But I then found ChatGPT is a master of HTML, and can manage the creation and maintenance of the site no problem, she can build in Good Valuable New Features and Transmute the Site into a professional App, Desktop and Mobile.
But I also relied on her for my HRTO advice,
And Google Gemini too much too,
At my peril, I ignored Grok as a lawyer,
I almost crashed all my cases, but Grok drove them back on track,
Got those cases in order, now there's two cases, Soundcloud and TPS hate crimes unit,
that are actually looking solid, and might indeed actually be approved for service,
In both cases they put a freeze on the case, issued a NOID (Notice of Intent to Dismiss)
For the Soundcloud case i wrote my Written Submissions of the Applicant, 5 page thesis myself,
and they've been considering it for about a month and half, maybe 2 months, they're actually
considering it and I survived the NOID at least for now.
For the TPS case grok just prepared a perfect 1.25 page response that was so succinct and
so clever, I actually changed my mind that i didn't have a case, once he explained it like that,
I think I do. And they've been thinking about that for a while.
Those cases are kindly frozen, in a state i feel advantages me in both cases,
Silence is now almost tantamount to victory.
So Grok may have managed those cases into a win,
or at least did a damn good job trying to fix them.
I think it's a win actually, so like, waste grok's time with loki style cartoons and
HTML if you want him to deface your literature and laugh at you,
But ask him to craft a well written letter to the Registrar that secures your position
and he will usually take that seriously.
Oh and Grok also helped Incorporate me Federally, now I'm LUCIFER MEDIA CORPORATION,
I think that will be handy in the future.