Discrimination or Harassment on the Grounds of Creed.

Describe your Creed:

LUCIFERIANISM

Explain why you believe you were discriminated against because of your creed.

Dr Martin Rotenberg of CAMH College and Spadina threatened for several years that future HRTO applications would result in extrajudicial punitive imprisonment in a CAMH Prison Complex, Which has occurred more times than i can count. I would estimate 15 - 20 (744 Hour - 1 Month Imprisonments, under a FORM 1 (purportedly medical in nature)) over the course of my life. The Equivalent of Serious hard time in prison, as if I had committed a murder or serious grievous bodily harm, a significant amount of my life has been spent, wasted, being tortured with humiliating abuse in these monstrous prisons. When The Soundcloud case started, Martin created a dispute out of thin air, purportedly to deny me a charter right (a service, the right to decide my treatment in accord with the law) To suppress this, he starved me of medication, calling around to THE BRIDGING CLINIC and my preferred Walk In Clinic, instructing them both to deny service. Both obeyed. The Soundcloud case was a creed case [and AI demonetization], Martin had also expressed "concern" [a threat of imprisonment in their system of lingo] Over the issue of my use of religious imagery in my songs and on my website. He took particular "concern" [a threat] with
the use of the name JESUS CHRIST in book publishing,
which I had adopted previously for religious reasons,
in the AMAZON CASES, particularly the SECOND AMAZON CASE
[November 2025] Martin stated rather bluntly that 
this may result in imprisonment in a stone cell.
He often asked me if i was publishing books as Jesus Christ (which i stopped after the Amazon case took away my book publishing platforms, Barnes and Noble was a party to the same case, and also blocked me, giving me no platform to publish books, I had to abandon writing for a time,
and gave up writing books entirely, until just recently 
when IngramSpark agreed to work with me, but as they
are not a storefront but a distributor, the blanket
ban on my books [there are over 50] remains in effect,
and i am forced to seek alternative means to get my 
writing seen by someone. [like self publishing through IngramSpark and other forums like this.]) Martin continually telegraphed threats of imprisonment
should i ever file another HRTO SUIT, or use the
religious name JESUS CHRIST in publishing.
He threatened imprisonment may soon follow should either case prove true. When Soundcloud finally emerged,
He starved me of medication 1 day after application was
filed with EFILE, likely in order to create a situation
where i would be perceived as insane and lacking credibility. It is true i need my medication,
But when I am medicated I am not just ok,
I am an extraordinarily intelligent and articulate
legal mind, an artist of note with 2.25 million views 
on Soundcloud, making beautiful AI music which will
live forever, a skilled computer programmer, AI designer
and web designer (these would all be classified as grandiose delusions, and therefore increase the likelihood of a humiliating stay in a CAMH Prison complex, my a non-trivial margin, though not necessarily actionable on it's own, on a balance of factors (most of them protected code grounds) they can contribute to a longer stay in the CAMH Prison system, or more likely to trigger an incarceration order. They increase the odds of being ordered into a CAMH prison, much like additional included do in the justice system we do not have access to) [there is a one tiered justice system with CAMH victims entirely outside of it. There is no exception to this, we are removed from the justice system, and work on this system instead.] All this primarily is based on our "protected" characteristic of "mental illness", a soft term i hate, I would prefer the term crazy. [If possible i request people use this term as CAMH language disturbs me] There are an assortment of other factors, but it is ultimately the case that this is based on my craziness. Though I'm not particularly impaired, if medicated i live a mostly normal life, and even thrive and excel. I have asked in my filings that CAMH be abolished,
When that happens, pharmacies can dispense the medication instead. [the edifice of Prison Complexes, and brutal mistreatment resulting in thousands of deaths every year,
is not needed, and realistically prosecution should follow. As they have created a system reminiscent of the worst regimes in human history. Which also couched their abusive mistreatment in the language of "compassion" and "concern"]

For instance:

German Title:
Ich klage an

English Title: 
I Accuse

Release Year: 1941

Director: 
Wolfgang Liebeneiner

Plot: 
A drama about a woman suffering from multiple sclerosis who receives a lethal dose of medication from her husband, followed by a courtroom trial designed to argue that ending the lives of the chronically ill is a merciful act.

Purpose: 
Commissioned by the Reich Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda under Goebbels to condition the German public to accept the involuntary euthanasia campaign (Aktion T4) targeting disabled individuals.

A regime which similarly targeted crazy people for abusive mistreatment. I am sorry, we are here again.
I have lived in those prisons, probably a 12th of my adult life, it is torture, based on my protected characteristics ("crazy").