hey,
I think you might have missed out on the best part of the song, because you got your transcript right,
you might not hear the knive's, sharpening? Yeah, throughout this song, except the eminem stuff at the start, I am sharpening my large and varied knife collection. At the start I'm using my Smith and Wesson
straight knife in it's sheath that CLICKS when you pull it out of it's sheath, a good knife, and the sound
is similar to someone loading a clip into their gun, it's right at the start too, then I sharpen the knife,
I'm sharpening knives the entire time, we go through my whole collection, from my straight knife,
to my K-bar, to my tactical cleaver, to my leatherman multitool and rocktoll, and I go through the whole
collection. I also like how when the stuff about the derivative work, you can hear me still sharpening my blades, it runs on for a while, like I'm just rambling, and then i say something like "Oh shit I'm still recording" and the sharpening stops abruply...... there's a long pause, and then i do the line about Eminem, and the
incinerated lawyer pieces.

Oh by the way, the derivative work, the idea is that this is a derivative work
based on Pathologic by Ice Pick Lodge, and it's easy to see the connections,
occult alchemists swarming on a victim to take her organs to make into "honey"
"send it to the kin to be split up" etc, etc, it's very Pathologic.....

"Audio equivalent of a porno", yeah it totally is, those knives being sharpened,
you play this in public you might get arrested, I rarely do it.

Infinitely regenerating lawsuit spawner for babies next to 100 corporations trying to FUCK ME.
That's HRTO. hahahahahhhah, that's the Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario, although
I've discovered getting these corporations held to account is very hard.
They're deliberating on Jurisdiction currently, have been for 5 weeks, we'll see which way they go.
[ROSE v. Soundcloud, 2026, et al']

and EMINEM "IS" A BITCH COMPARED TO ME,
AHAHAHHAHAAHHAA, SO MUCH DARKER THAN ANY OF HIS DAMN TRACKS
The knives man, I cannot get over the genius of the knives,
such a good song, not even close to a public song, play it in public at your own risk to arrest song,
I rarely do it...... yeah, audio equivalent of a porno........

oh the sweet horsel thing is from my videogame, LUCIFERIANISM,
on Steam and Epic games.

Anyway, another property in the vast archives of
Lucifer Media Corporation (LMC), an actually legit incorporated Media company
I incorporated just a few days ago.

Brendan Rose
CEO - Lucifer Media Corporation