Hey, Charlene,
you were right, DOH!
Getting this case decided in my favor does not win me official recognition as a religion in Canada.
It just gets a cash payout or something similar.
So i looked into it further, and i was thinking,
ok, I need to become a religious corporation,
then I get legitimacy to my religion in Canada....

Nope.....

That's a good way to give legitimacy to your religion in the sense that
you can reserve a name, that nobody else can use ("Luciferianism")
When it turned out you needed 3 people on your board of directors
to incorporate, I literally started googling "how to buy cyanide" 
(you need to be a business with medical licensing by the way)
I don't have 2 friends willing to help me with that,
I don't have 1 friend willing to help with that, actually i just don't have friends,
Except Julia but she's an old lady she wouldn't wanna do it.

So i look into it further, turns out I can federally incorporate,
with just 1 board member, then I become an official rel---- no........

Turns out after all this, there IS no way to get a religion officially recognized in Canada.
The process doesn't even exist. In Canada your religion is just your personal business
and the state doesn't get involved in it, whatsoever.

They protect your religion in other ways, like you can go the HRTO if you feel
your religion was discriminated against (and they're currently trying to decide
if House of Cards can count as scripture as we speak) and like I said,
you can reserve a name, which nobody else can use, which I'll do,
I'll incorporate as Luciferianism (or Goodnightism), there's even
non-profit charitable status that i'm likely to skip on as the requirements
are too stringent.

So all this was for nothing then.

My religion has the same legitimacy as any other in Canada, already,
which is none. I feel rather embarrassed.

When I didn't have those board of directors, I was genuinely starting to think
Suicide was looking good, now I'm just sorta confused how to feel.
I hope I win my case. But it won't achieve what I was looking for,
nothing will. I guess my religion is just my religion,
there is no such thing as legitimacy.