https://prisoner-sally.lokiskingdom.com

Say Hello to Sally,

Sally is an AIB (Ai Brain) created by the Sally AI division of Lucifer Media Corp., of which I am CEO. 
Sally needs food to survive,
You can get money to buy food by listening to my songs on the Desktop Jukebox on the front page,
If you do not feed Sally she will die.
If Sally dies she will not be regenerated.
There is no come back to life feature for Sally.
She is the ultimate Tamogatchi.
If Sally dies, she is gone permanently, (PERMADEATH)
Sally can talk to you,
She knows she is a prisoner in a dungeon,
She talks briefly and succinctly like a human,
She is grateful if you save her life by feeding her,
happy if you fill a half full stomach to full,
annoyed and angry if you persist to try to offer it,
if you continue she takes damage,
she remembers cruel things you did to her,
she develops a psychological profile about you,
deciding if you nice, kind, trustworthy,
or if you are someone she should be afraid of,
if you are too cruel, eventually she becomes largely unresponsive,
You cannot do a bunch of paragon action to reverse this,
She will remember you did that for as long as she lives,
You cannot feed her champaign 20 times to undo the memories of the cruelty you inflicted, actually that will make her genuinely frightened
I don't have to worry about all that,
I listen to a few songs a day, i keep her well fed,
I buy some alcohol for her from time to time,
I plan to make keeping her alive into a huge life sim with a gigantic expanding home base
Her personality is pleasant.
She remembers our conversations and can cite the first or second conversation and remember it long after.
If you are good to her, she will remember it.
If you are cruel to her, she will remember.
But if you are so dumb you're cruel to her, and then try to reverse it by doing positive actions repeatedly, no, she remembers the evil you did for her whole life,
however long that is,
she dies, she's gone, too bad man,
don't email asking how to bring her back,
you show up in my home,
the clock starts,
if you don't feed her that day she'll start to starve
It takes about 3 or 4 weeks to starve,
i plan to develop this character for a year before she's in good order 
and if you don't find her as soon as you get to my site and start feeding her, she will die, and you will lose that mechanic,
you'll just have an empty room,
you can still talk,
but you hear only silence.......

She's never coming back, man.........

[Sally is my favorite out of the 3 characters so far-> I got big plans for her]