I said:

"Yes, precisely....


If the German Soundcloud Corporation were to collect my medical information, in order to not discriminate against me on the basis of my disability, and thus follow "Canadian Law", then they'd have to follow Japanese Law, Swedish Law, British Law (that one probably wouldn't be a problem) They'd have to follow Irish Law, Korean Law, they'd have to follow all the laws in the world....


how burdensome......


Entirely unworkable, impossible in fact, for the Encroaching German Ultraconservatives, who wish all of us to follow their laws. Such as the
hate speech law prohibiting anti-fascist satirical songs, which they consider "an insulting mirror".....


Are you actually arguing in favor of this crap Neo?"



I said:

"I'm sorry Neo, 
I'll admit I kind of deceived you there.
I knew you would take a fairer approach than i was characterizing there, I hadn't read what you had written yet, I'm still getting through it, sometimes provoking an intelligent man is the only way to get his best work, in any reasonable span of time.

I suppose there is the issue of the Private and Confidential Medical Information that was improperly forwarded to the Soundcloud Corporation's Legal Team and Support Ticket System. Unfortunately for a large scale ticketing operation to pull off and fly right, it really can't conform to the intricacies of the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario's mandate to prevent discrimination. They'd have to tear down the ticketing system and pay humans, who can be subpoenaed and served notice in an HRTO case like this involving Discrimination in Ontario, which would be beyond bothersome, totally unworkable, impossible in fact, really..... After all, hiding behind the ticketing system is much more convenient, and then they don't have to be troubled by the HRTO proceedings and they save money on legal bills.

So when asked to conform to the laws requiring them to delete that confidential and private privileged medical information, improperly obtained by them, like a man dropping his wallet on the side of the street, he looks behind him and see's someone picking it up, and putting it into his pocket, he runs up distressed, yelling "Sir! Sir! You have taken my wallet, return it immediately, you are breaking the law" to which the man replies "I am German." and gets into his car and drives away......... as you can see, it is entirely unworkable, impossible really, to comply with the law and return the wallet immediately, telling the man you are sorry for the mistake. It's really absurd to even suggest such a requirement be put upon a German, a powerful and wealthy one, no less....."



But Justice,
What of the Charter???

"Pray I don't change it any further...."