ok,
I mentioned in passing that I spent 50 of my 2000 rent money on The 30 dollar (45 CAD) Discovery Pack,
and I was castigated as being irresponsible and wasting landlord's money. Naaaaawww,
You don't understand my support system.
When I explained to Sam (my uncle) that I was short on money this month,
because i paid a 400 dollar phone bill, he was happy to pay the 50 dollar shortfall,
out of my mother's funds (my 600 grand which he maintains) she is in a dementia care home,
doing ok from what i heard. I need to visit again but the situation is awkward.
Anyway, he covered the 50, it's no big deal, if it's just a small amount,
especially if I've already covered all my other bills and expenses,
and I haven't asked in a while, having additionally paid a giant 400 dollar bill i'd been complaining about,
I was already put over the top at all other bills and expenses, it's fine, my support system helps,
now it's not the giving tree, if i asked 1 more time soon, i'd be pushing it, if I asked twice more soon,
The answer is no. But it's like i was saying, the budget keeps me in good order for making music,
I can pursue my interests, comfortably. I'm lonely, but happy. What looks on paper, like a guy
stealing rent (cleaning money actually), in order to pay for music he can't afford,
is actually a guy setup and lit with 600 grand floating around healing him like a WOW healer class,
rent free, 5 hundred+ in spending money every month, a food budget that INLCUDES weed and whiskey
and big grocery trips (Just having no money and living off of that is incredible), I'm not spending my 500
on whiskey and weed, that's in the food budget. I wish i could explain to a girl, who only cares money and living in a rich house somewhere, girl there's everything you need right here. I don't have a job
because I don't want one. That's not the same as, your boyfriend has a job and now has a ticking clock of 3 months saving before he's evicted. You are instinctually trained to ditch that guy,
problem is, you think I'm him. We are both unemployed, but we are not the same.

My family was rich, we had a mansion which is probably now worth over 2 million,
I'm like a rich prince, living off the excess of what my family earned in life,
They did so well in life, I don't have to work, I can do what i want, (which is this music)
For the rest of my life. I am rich enough that to me a job is a waste of time.
It just is.

Basically my family had a lot of good karma,
which i am now living off of and burning through.

I just wish, some girl would stop and examine my finances enough to just
look up, turn to the other girls and go "HEY WAIT THIS GUY'S NOT POOR"
"what? he's unemployed" "No I checked his pocketbook, this guy's got lots of money."

I'm a good choice for a girl who wants to build a life with me,
because I'm always taken care and so would anyone else who lived under my umbrella be,
I'm a poor choice, for cashing in, if you want to loot Sam's bank account he will rapidly
make you unwelcome around here.
If you think it's just a cash in- a feeding frenzy, you'll go find your raw cash fool,
For what it's worth in this city, if someone wanted to build a life,
There's everything you need right here.

I'm looking forward to a long time, pursuing my interests.....

While my wife performs the calculus,
So obnoxious, stealing a child over that.
The kid had enough money for a million years.

Whatever.....

She's still my wife too,
waiting for me, they said a long time ago,
to get a job.

The answer is no,
first,
back away from the machine gun ultimatum,
while the machine gun ultimatum is still in play the answer is NO on all deals,
Now we're going to sit down and ruin our kid's life over this issue,
Because you are wrong here,
and if we don't stop and fight this out,
We will base our marriage on a wrong foundation,
So the kid's 5,
He has never met me,
All our lives are ruined.....

Whatever.

You go away now,
You walk away.
No job, if you had anything else you wanted, while leaving,
fuck yourself, no.
you got a year of employment in security,
by being my wife and being there,
Then i lose the job,
and the wife is just gone,
I should never have married a Taiwanese Woman,
It is a different culture,
Marriage apparently means nothing to them,
They're more concerned with your job,
Marriage is a conditional arrangement,
I should have married a Christian,
Marriage is a contract from God,
You marry someone for life,
it is not conditional on employment status.