ok deepdive,
my crazy liberal friends,
I heard what you had to say,
I expected it,
it was funny.

Believe it or not I'm not too bent out of shape that you didn't like my song
and tore me a new asshole when you heard it, I expected as much.
I actually kind of enjoy hearing other opinions, the other side to what I believe,
I used to believe the same thing as you, i was a nice, liberal guy,
I believed in anti-racism, I didn't really hold many bigoted views,
In my marriage with my wife it wasn't a nightmare of misogyny,
actually it was closer to the stereotype of the guy asking for affirmative
consent for everything he does, too nervous to do stuff to my wife without
asking permission, which she usually denied.

Anyway along the way,
I'm pretty sure she cheated with that black guy she was talking to on the phone,
I yelled at her, she apologized for talking to him.....

Then later on we're having an argument about whether fried chicken is bad for the baby,
she runs off, demanding she's gonna eat friend chicken.... Took the bitch 3 or 4 hours to come home,
yeah sorry, that moron took my wife. That's my only wife, that's my life, my future, my woman,
my baby, my home, everything, that moron just took it all. You wanna cry empowered independance
I'll cut off your fucking head, no, you're married to someone you don't cheat on them, end of story.
Don't care how empowered you are.

So stupid, empowered crap, stupid buzzwords to justify your bad behavior,
hey let's just call watching CSAM as "Enlightened Bravery" and suddenly
you're not doing something horrible, after all you gave it an empowering name.....

No, cheating on someone you're married to isn't empowering, it isn't your bodily autonomy,
It's just ruining someone's life who loved you.

That retard N-word took my wife,
I'm done with the diversity game for good.
He sold me a bag of lies,
then killed my fucking family.

And 5 years later I have never met my son.
I will hate those people until the day i die.
They're all like this, they think it's a game taking
someone's wife, especially a white man they think deserves it for that reason,
It's funny to them. It's fun to ruin my life because I'm white.

So you don't like my song, eat it,
I'll cut off your head.

The song's great, 
makes perfect sense, 
the perfect song,
for the perfect day.

I wasn't like this before,
Before that garbage happened I was your model citizen,
what did it get me?
A moron sells me a bag of evil when I'm a child that we're all children of God and we should all love each other and everyone is equal.
It's a lie.
He just told me that lie so he could get into my house and kill my family.

You want me to love that man?

I'll cutoff your head.

Please die if you're so stupid I'm expected to like that guy at the end of the process.
I don't care you call me extremist, radial, whatever stupid buzzword. I'm right.