CAPTAIN ACAB - THE LONE OPPRESSOR - THE ROAD TO KINGSTON:

This is one of our holiest canons, your Deepdive source manager used to reject this
album wholesale, banning you from even discussing it. He wouldn't even send it to you
to review. But there's been a lot of changes at the Deepdive, you've shifted towards
disclaimers, stating neutrality, over active policing of content, so for the first time,
CAPTAIN ACAB - THE LONE OPPRESSOR, is available for you to analyse in full.

This has the whole show, everything, really..... this is what was in my head,
when I escaped Chinatown in 2023 August, and moved to Kingston Road,
Where, a long string of particular misfortunes befell me, an uncle who bought the condo,
charging me so much rent (it was supposed to be free) that I was left with 150 dollars
a month to eat. I would party for a week then begin to starve, I starved for 3 weeks,
then began again, partying for a week, drinking and smoking, then starving for
3 more weeks, at which point i slashed my hand open in despair, then i bought my weeks
worth of food, spent most of it on a website to remember me by, and on November 18th to 19th
I committed my attack. I refused medical attention for my hand which bled for weeks,
as it would interrupt my attack. Ultimately it landed with a thud,
I am a much better musician than i am a killer, which i would describe myself as
sub-amateur at. Three attempted murders, nobody died, i threw a bottle of baileys
at the board of director's head from the condo board, which i didn't know who she was,
she dove and the bottle of giant baileys shattered at her feet, she fell to her knees and
cut her legs. They took me away, I was 3 months off my meds, in agony because my wife
had left 2 years prior with my baby in her belly. 5 years later I have never met Mue-Jie.
After this I likely never will, at least not until he's much older. I was put in a ward
for a month and barfed out onto the street. A civil suit ensued which added a layer
of comedy to an otherwise dark cloud. What is left when the smoke clears, and the
debris is cleaned away, is the ideology of a man who genuinely attempted to murder people
and offered his justification for months and years prior, it is the ideology that made me do it.
Or maybe just my reasoning. It's an illusion show, the story of why the killer did it,
without the murders. It was intercepted, I remain free.

Now I run my media company, I am legitimately incorporated,
I am a media machine.

Do you understand now? After hearing this....
Do you understand why I did it???? O_O

-Brendan Rose
CEO, LUCIFER MEDIA CORPORATION (LMC)

PREVIOUS DEEPDIVE:

Hey:
Another of our proprietary entertainment products at Lucifer Media Corporation (LMC).
The most controversial name in Media.
This is an old track, from Chinatown, the year before my attack at KINGSTON ROAD,
The pent up frustrations and inner anger that lead to the Kingston Affair was incubated,
founded here in Chinatown. And this was one of our staples, I would blast this through
my phone for all the hear, about once or twice a day, give or take, while it remained current.
It was one of my favorites....
It has a lot of good surrounding material, though the song, while good, remains weak.
I considered it one of our better works.
In another context you're telling me right now what you think of "Chicken Salad"
The Eric Harris diaries made into an emo comedy rap. We made many fine works
during this time. I suppose we would have had to, as I needed something that
would brainwash me into committing my attack, and CAPTAIN ACAB - THE LONE OPPRESSOR,
one of our finest albums. It remains a terrifying portent of things that shortly came,
it remains the album that made me do it. It remains a chilling warning that the sound of
a man snapping, deciding to become a killer, can be a beautiful collage of sound and fury,
signifying everything, rather than a stereotype as you would expect, what you get, ultimately,
is a narrative which is compelling, even enticing, alluring, you can see why I did what I did in here,
You can actually understand, why I did it, and it's not 1 dimensional, if you're honest, you understand why,
even if you don't agree, you can understand.....

That is the kind of work we make at Lucifer Media Corporation,
Challenging works, powerful works, songs that will haunt you until the day you die,
but also badass music you can dance to, music that haunts you, that you can dance to.

We don't mess around, we are not making entertainment particularly,
these are powerful works that change the listener,
so i hope you enjoy this journey into darkness segment.