It's strange, I listen to the old classics like they're gospel, the best that will ever exist,
cannot ever possibly be equaled. Now I'm posting Z, from 2021, that geek in Chinatown,
Jeez those people should have given me a break, I was guilty of nothing, just a guy living
his life, psychos! My wife had left the year I wrote this, my son was born around the time I was making this, give or take maybe 6 months, I have never met him 5 years later. So I was very angry about that.
But the thing I notice most about Z looking at it again, it's so poorly written!
Half the song is reading out the book of revelation, which i guess is ok,
but I wouldn't consider this my best anymore.
Then I compare it to Red Apple, technically, a much more sold out, sprawled on the couch 
getting high, kinda song. Giving into the corruption basically,
But Red Apple is recent, a few months old. When I compare the writing quality,
WOAH! Another world, my new tracks, I kept saying
I CAN'T WRITE  SONGS LIKE I USED TO all day, everyday spouting this dumb sentiment.....
Yeah guy,
You can't write songs like you used to, because you're writing them better now.
Red Apple is a lyrical candystore, it's full of intricate verses, well written choruses and
variations.....
oh,
sorry it's written like that by the way,
there's parts whereeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee I have long strings of repeating characters,
that's actually really important in Suno, the robots will stress the word for about as long as the length of the character string, like they hold that note, for as long as you write it.
it sounds great in machine singing,
but sometimes the raw lyrics sheets can be a bit confusing to the eye,
It's designed to be sung by robots, not read by humans (or robots),
that's actually the best part of the song, the sqeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaze the life outta you parts.....

I don't know, I don't have as much raw piss and passion as the me who wrote Z,
I'm not breaking off pieces of the concrete so i can chew them like bubble gum (didn't actually do that)
But I think having fewer problems actually made the artwork better,
and all that inspiration would be been better spent in livable conditions,
the man was a saint by the way,
while the whole city said I was cancer itself,
I was guilty of nothing at Z,
pure decent goodman.

Too good,
too much goodman,
way too much,
way too uptight,
but i can see the reason was nothing that was my fault,
so i guess i forgive being like that,
wish i could have told myself to relax, take a chill pill,
but in that living situation, with that family scenario,
a chill pill wouldn't have worked!

I'm just glad I'm me today,
this version of me,
this is what i have dreamed of my whole life,
Just living well, in a good home
where i can make my music in peace,
do what i want in my room,
the opportunity to make these songs, not inspired by suffering,
inspired by flourishing, and yes the music is better,
but that's not a moral failing,
the Z guy isn't doing anything wrong,
I'm living well, I'm living rich,
he's not, he's in Hell,
you can't tell that guy to take a chill pill,
he needs money, friends, a better living situation,
needs all kinds of stuff.
I dunno,
people treat it like a moral failing and it's not,
people think a bad attitude means you need to improve your behavior,
usually it means you need a better life.

-B