ok, so it's gonna look like I wrote 50 songs in a month,
this isn't exactly true, I started in January, I've made about 100-150 songs,
(more like 107 for the good ones so far), and then each of those I've made into
on average 50-150 Suno versions in a variety of Genres, but my primary genre is Disco
- Explain how Disco influences my complex approach to music production and experimentation.

I choose Disco, first of all, because it is funkier and better sounding than Pop, Rap, Rock, Alternative,
Grunge, Gangsta Rap, J-pop, electronic industrial, industrial metal, punk, girlband screamo.
I make versions in all of those and more, a lot more, but my favorite Genre is Disco.

i've done to disco, what Nirvana, Marilyn Manson, and Nine Inch Nails did to rock music in the 90's.
i've corrupted it, made it evil, bigoted, bloodthirsty, perverted, insulting, mocking, cruel, snide,
Nasty....... It's no longer the Disco your daddy used to listen to. But the SOUND is the same.
This is really good disco and it sounds absolutely incredible. It's the juxtoposition,
the contrast, between the evil and objectionable lyrics, and the music, which you hear it,
you expect something upbeat, happy, smiling, beautiful happy day basically.
And there's some shared history there, for a long time Disco was the home for marginalized communities
to kind of hide from the world that hated them, and i feel that, I'm not the most powerful person in this society, my identity, is probably kind of hated, by some people. Disco serves the same function for me
that it did for them. Except I'm not gay.


Anyway, so it's 7 or 8 months of music, and 8000 songs,
and from that, I've curated it down to my favorite versions of 47 of those songs,
So i didn't write all of these in one month, actually i took everything i made in the last
year and compressed it down to 47 perfect songs.
i would have trouble making a 4th album right now without rehashing myself a whole lot,
or publishing my offensive songs, which i held back for these releases.

There is so much meaning in all of these songs it's ridiculous,
I put everything I had into this, it is not a data dump.
This is true art, straight up.

We can and have broken down all of these songs individually to talk about them,
there is enough to provide multiple hours of commentary on every song on that list,
and this is only 1 or 2 version of most songs, male and female I created them,
The real substance in my work is downloading the app, or opening my webpage and navigating to 
the desktop web player, and you get access to all 8000 songs,
and you know what most or all of those are good, bad or broken songs are very rare,
generally all of them are very good, some are incredible classics, which i hunt for
endlesslessly, but engaging with the volume is one of the biggest elements in my work of art.

So anyway,
feel free to go through the list of songs,
and tell me which ones you like.
Tell me which ones you don't like as much,
and tell me which ones were just blah.
Which was your favorite?

Looking forward to hearing from you guys,
-Brendan