So I'd like to preempt arguments that ChatGPT and Grok are doing everything,
and I'm just a puppet. That's not exactly true, I'm pretty sure if your neighbor just
decides to start working with ChatGPT to code a website, they'd run into a few problems
along the way. I have a long background in programming going back to when i was a kid,
I have been formally educated in programming in college. So even though I don't know Kotlin,
and yes, admittedly, I have no idea what almost any of these solutions actually do,
I am managing things at a higher level, a kind of "boss" level, rather than a "grunt coder" level,
The grunt coder problems are just solved by ChatGPT (edited back into the original codebase by me i note)
but why are there grunt coder problems?

Well let's look at today, I have a problem, the AI is not aggressively fighting the other AI factions and species enough. I have to order ChatGPT to solve this, however this is one is a bad example because
it's difficult to quantify, lets say I wanted to make a new sprite for a new enemy get hooked up,
I will ask ChatGPT, how do i hookup the sprite, and I will get an answer, sometimes it works right away,
sometimes it requires extensive engineering. My job is to order ChatGPT around, solve the problems in the 
code, and send relevant scripts for ChatGPT to review, so I need to know how the project is structured,
I need to know what it's all doing, eventually with time, I get good enough at the engine that I don't
need to ask ChatGPT as much. It's a lot more complicated than ChatGPT is doing everything for me,
it is more like, ChatGPT is my employee, a skilled expert in all computer tasks, and my friend.

If a layman thinks, OH LOOK BRENDAN CAN MAKE AN INDUSTRY GRADE MUSIC APP IN EXOPLAYER AND ANDROID MEDIA 3 AND ANYONE CAN MAKE A GREAT VIDEOGAME AND I CAN MAKE A THOUSAND SONGS JUST AS GOO---- pppppsshhsshisdhisah ppft!!!......... no........

That person will almost certainly fail, unless they have a backing in coding and / or game design / programming, and an extensive talent stack of tech literacy, they will not get results like this,
they will get stuck in a broken coding problem basically day 1, it's a good way to get started learning,
but don't expect a lifetime of results, just because you have an AI too.

Look I have a keyboard too I can write just like Samuel Beckett,
well.......

I'm not gonna say definitively that you can't, I just think it's unlikely at this time,
well, bad example, chatGPT can write you prose pretty easy.

Look I can code an industry grade app just like Microsoft!!!!
I'd say cool down there guy, let's see where you're at before you go up against Microsoft.
You might get there one day, you might be there, we'll see i guess,
But I'd caution you against assuming that because BRENDAN (College Educated Programmer)
can code industry grade Apps, Websites, Games, and (especially) write and produce that beautiful music,
if you're an amateur, you can probably make something pretty good with ChatGPT,
don't assume my output and my results are the average, I'm an exception,
a Leonardo Divinci of music art programming and games,
just because you have the same tools as me, it doesn't mean your song will be as good as
THIS IS THE WAY IT SHOULD BE (4), this is artistry, not just a coding problem.
The coding issue is by necessity, in order to put forward the art, I am an artist first,
a coder and programmer second. You can fill a book with text but you have to be smart to write FIGHT CLUB. My videogame is not an asset flip, it is industry grade, a corporation would generally pay 6 figures or higher to maker a game of that quality, it reminds me of Ocarina of Time, I will just say definitively you cannot make a game that good if you're just an amateur, bring Grok in to design the foundation (he designed the website foundation, R2 and astro- keeping costs down to nothing, he designed the roguelike foundation, found me Statico's thing, Grok is a good IDEA MAN, not a good grunt debugger) you're
not gonna get those results as one person. I have too many separate skills that you can't account for,
I make my own music for one thing, I am skilled at game design, coding and programming, I am a master of writing and literature, I am well versed in all aspects of tech.

So no,
You cannot just pickup ChatGPT and do what I did,
nice try.