Note to the Deepdive:
Sam is saying because Amy Shutoff ODSP, which was not my fault,
I now have to live with less until it's put back on. (It's never coming back)
He's saying I need to live with less permanently, and the HRTO Cases
just can't be afforded anymore. We have 600 grand in a trust basically,
but for some reason all my HRTO activities, my phone and internet,
any subscription services i enjoy, all need to get cut,
Coincidentally I am sueing him directly in the Kingston Road case,
We can get to ireland, I netted Soundcloud, we can reach to ireland.
I also asked that my mother Aine Suttle (POA Sam Suttle), the legal
entity that actually dealt the damage and the torture during the Kingston Road thing,
I've asked that that thing "the entity" be added to my Kingston Road application,
it's not really necessary, he's listed on the form, we can get to ireland,
anyway, here's Sam pretending in silence that this is not to sabotage my cases
and the case against him, which he has always presented as "my silly dreams" he does
not want to talk about, most people have this attitude towards the HRTO,
until they get served notice by the judge, they reject it dismissively.
Bringing in new cases at HRTO is my job now,
and I do it without pay, because it's important!
I now see myself as an arm in the machine:

Sam,

I am in 7 large human rights cases at the HRTO.
I have requested accommodations in all of them to allow me to speak
using text to speech software during email only hearings and proceedings.
I require this text to speech software to participate in the hearings.

These human rights hearings are formal government hearings,
with rulings that directly affect my life and future,
this is not "YOU NEED TO LEARN TO LIVE WITH LESS"
this is "You need to buy a suit when you are talking to the government
officials at the hearing, you don't CHEAP OUT ON THE SUIT"
[I actually have one ready, which you told me not to buy]
No this is not the time to cheap out and shave off savings fFS SAM,
this is the time to pay what is needed to present your case successfully.

It is disrespectful to come into these hearings unprepared.
I need the plan on the right, because I will be making a lot of speeches
into text to speech in the next few months,
at a bare minimum i need the plan on the left,
even though it's not enough.

SAM:
Send money for the phone/internet bill
Send 20 dollars for Soundcloud (I am in a suit against them which is post service, i am literally in negotiations with their counsel a hearing is being scheduled)
Send enough for one of these plans.

I also need help with Google One,
I CANNOT JUST CUT THESE OUT OF FOOD FFS
I shouldn't have to suffer to meet my basic needs,
especially related to government hearings.

Send it today, this morning,
Thank you,

Bye.


Congratulations,

Brendan S. Rose (∞)CEO, Lucifer Media Corporation
Director, EUR€CORP
EUR€CORP, a division of Lucifer Media Corporation
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com
www.lokiskingdom.com