Ok your mission is a strange one today.
Pleas review CLOUD DESTROYS THE WORLD - DATES YUFFIE.
I mean on it's face it's just absurdist comedy,
so why can't I stop crying?
There's something about that, that character I played as when I was a little kid, the idea that Cloud would turn out to be the worst villain of all. That speaks to me.
Although I will defend his actions a bit, he came to the conclusion that Barret was actually his enemy, right or wrong, that's what he eventually decided, and he killed him.
Ok, you can argue if that's bad or not.
They say he killed Moogle and Mog, but I'm not so sure about that, we have an unreliable narrator, the singer, Tifa (or in certain versions it's Aerith) I think Moogle and Mog just died, 
and she blames Cloud because she's actually angry about something else.
Then, he's been accused of Dating Yuffie on her 25th birthday, what's wrong with that?! For God sake she's 25, 13 years have passed since the events of Final Fantasy 7, Cloud is now in his thirties, it's a harem videogame, he picked his choice, I don't see why it's such a big deal! So he married her, "Yuffie married to Cloud so much, and when they got together no one needed a crutch." Come on, admit that's funny.
Yuffie is 25, doesn't need a crutch, cute and young, no crutch.
And Cloud, GRREhEHEheheheheheheheheheh no crutch for him! lol. He can just sow his oats man......
And then also they said he took the 9 crystals at the corners of the world, he corrupted the crystals, and destroyed the world.
BUT THAT'S JUST NORMAL BADGUY TROPES FOR FINAL FANTASY GAMES, YOU SEE HE WAS JUST ACTING OUT AS THE VILLAIN EVERYBODY EXPECTED HIM TO ME, so he corrupted those crystals, and ruined the world.
You know I forgive it,
i understand it,
Like I get why he did that,
I'm not saying it's ok,
I just, 
understand.........
So I don't know, the intro is looping again,
the bit about cloud turning out to be the worst villain,
I've stopped crying, I've accepted it. :)
Yeah to me that's pretty funny, that's one of the funniest thing's I've ever written, the idea of this being sung by Tifa, a Tifa in her early to mid thirties, looking down on Cloud in disapproval for sleazing that and not picking up her like he's supposed to
it's funny, to me that makes me laugh.