ok, it looks like the broader context of my song isn't getting through,
so all we have to work with is this one, no 14 Suno clones, no remake of Put all your wishes into thy maw,
there's something wrong with the interface.

So this song, isn't really anything to worry about,
despite it's themes. I'm just thinking about stuff that already happened,
most of this stuff was 4 or 5 years ago, so the use of suicidal themes
doesn't reflect anything current in my life, i'm just remembering.

So, I don't know, tell me what you thought of the song.
This is one of the Soundful tracks, which means it can technically be released as an album across major platforms via Soundcloud, but content restrictions would probably preclude it, (and others) it's not really my best work, it's kind of cringe, but it also has a sorta good sound, i also think this series has some of the better hiphop i've done through Suno. As a boring song to croak out in an afternoon, it's ok, not necessarily bad, but not really what i'm looking for either. Since Scott Adam's died on January 13th 2026, I made one very good song on the 23rd, then just fell off a cliff. I genuinely wonder if he was inspiring me more than i thought he was. The new songs are very unusually low quality stuff for me. This one is batting an average, i'd consider this good today, before i'd probably throw it away. It's a good song though, not saying it isn't. Just, when i was knocking them outta the park until the 23rd, and then suddenly I'm just an average player doing ok, something has gone wrong.

It may be that I have stopped using violence and sexuality in my songs, not out of a moral kick, but because these themes now bore me. I have done these topics to death. I'm not precluding myself from using these themes, I'm just using them a lot less. and as i think maybe accruately, that is what makes a song good, by a man, aggression, violent verbal conflicts, and sexual themes. If they're not the only way to make a song good, they're the easiest way. Songs are failing more and I can't determine the culprit, is it this? Scott Adams disappearance? Why the change?