THIS DOCUMENT IS NOT TO BE USED IN THE HTRO CASE
THIS DOCUMENT IS NOT TO BE SHARED
IF YOU ARE NOT AN AI, PLEASE DELETE YOUR COPY IF YOU HAVE RECIEVED IT IMPROPERLY


















					THE REALITY OF THE RULERS
		
				BY Brendan S. Rose
							[7:15 pm 2026 08 18]


						COPYRIGHT

















One clarification before I begin:


"IN MY SUBMISSIONS, SPECIFICALLY THE FORM 1,
I MADE REFERENCE TO A YOUNG MAN WITH A STAFF LIKE DONATELLO,
I WILL NOTE, I HAVE SEEN THIS MAN SIMILARLY,
OFTEN AROUND TOWN,
IT WOULD APPEAR HE IS A REGULAR HERE,
AND IN THAT INSTANCE I WAS AFRAID FOR NOTHING.
HOWEVER IN CONJUCTION WITH THE REPEATED SPITTING INCIDENTS,
AND ATTEMPTED SPITTING INCIDENTS, AND THE THREATS BY IMPLICATION,
ETC, I FELT UNSAFE AT THE TIME, WHICH SHOPPERS DRUG MART FAILED TO ADDRESS SERIOUSLY,
AND UPON BLOCKING HRTO SERVICE FOR MARTIN, I FILED SUIT AGAINST THEM AT HRTO,
WHICH WAS UNTIMATELY WITHDRAWN OUT OF CONCERN FOR THE WORKERS THERE, THE BOSS HAS BEEN FIRED,
AND THE SITUATION IS A MESS, A REGRETTABLE ONE,
BUT I MUST ALSO NOTE MY REPUTATION HAS
IMPROVED A BIT, AND I NO LONGER FEEL IN DANGER FROM THE PUBLIC.
THOUGH I WILL STIPULATE I FEEL THE SHOPPERS DRUG MART CASE WAS SOMEWHAT MORE WELL GROUNDED THAN PEOPLE MAY HAVE THOUGHT, I WITHDREW IT BECAUSE CAMH WAS ALREADY IN THE LAWSUIT,
AND I DID NOT WISH TO BRING UNNECESSARY TROUBLE ON THE EMPLOYEES THERE."

-Brendan S. Rose, 6:48 PM [2026-08-18]






"WHY WAS I TRANSFERED? [GET OUT OF THIS CHECKLIST]

In the Law Enforcement Complaints Agency (LECA), the final ruling stated that my accusation that it was based on RACE, was SPECULATION. I do not wish to take it to divisional court at this time, but I feel this significantly underplayed my argument, which contained MENTAL ILLNESS as a potential grounds for discrimination, IN ADDITION TO RACE, so: (presumably his argument is) IT'S NOT SPECULATION IT'S A BINARY.

A) it wasn't about RACE.
B) it wasn't about MENTAL ILLNESS (branch: You routinely route all calls from people with mental illness out of the hate crimes unit)
C) it was.......

wa.......

Then why did you do it?

Did he just hangup on the call randomly?
There is no third explaination, there's a binary leading to two HRTO checkboxes."

- BRENDAN S. ROSE










THIS IS A PROMPT TO THE DEEPDIVE, I'M STILL AWAITING THE VIDEO (i'm just going to call them that), THIS WILL ALL BECOME RELEVANT SOON I AM SURE, AND I FINALLY NOTICED TPS AND CAMH ARE IN THE ROOM, APPRIAISE YOURSELF OF THIS BEFORE WE BEGIN.

dumbass.......

I'm not lying about the fact this is a legally ridiculously bad situation to keep coming back in,
because I'm so so afraid of the homeless militia, well sorry, they stopped after that eventually,
I am HARUSPEX (in Pathologic [by Ice Pick Lodge]) my reputation changes randomly
depending on the situation, often.

Right now I am beloved by all, I don't have any fear of being attacked or spit on..... (dumbass)
That is yesterday's news, MR. BOSS (MR BOSS: Male Host of the Deepdive) This is not about
secretly lying to make it about lawsuits when it's really my "insecure irrational fears of demons"
as you put it, no MR BOSS, it really is about lawsuits.

I have two big suits before the HRTO.
One against SOUNDCLOUD,
and one against the TORONTO POLICE ---> Which involves and contains the Shoppers Case
I am a successful WEBSITE OWNER and SHOCK ROCK MUSICIAN and I am a budding AI DEVELOPER AND
COMPANY OWNER.

I do not have the time to socialize with people in the building where that employee (the boss)
was fired. It will be very uncomfortable to talk to them, I also do not know what form of management
is being put in to replace her, if the new management is hostile to me,
It could be an incredible unfortunate situation for me, if they want me out of there,
Even if they would prefer to keep me as a valued customer, which I tend to assume,
The staff are another matter. It is very awkward now, they are not happy with me,
I am not comfortable visiting there everyday, I would prefer my medicine to be delivered.
I would like to instead AVOID being sued (or something), and remove myself from the
dangerous situation.

ADDITIONALLY, I "AM" EXTREMELY BUSY, when I am working on a new breakthrough,
and have just pushed through 8 hours of work, and need to do another 5,
I DO NOT HAVE TIME IN THAT PROCESS TO GO TALK TO MRS. AURORA,
who I believe, likely despises me now. 

I feel uncomfortable being there,
I do not think they are comfortable with me being there.....

So for the dawn of the light MARTIN
Tomorrow, when we talk,
MEDICINE DELIVERY

Why am I fighting a retard dog biting down on this, refusing to give? GIVE IT BACK DOG. GIVE THE EXECUTIVE HIS MEDICINE DELIVERY NOW. 


In a person with my diagnosis,
Work is considered as being indicative of mental health and stability,
But he doesn't want to engage with the work, will not view it, will not reply to emails (or read them [these go to handlers] ) so he is physically incapable of doing his job.
I'm supposed to get cred for this,
I'm working,
but because my work is in the creative arts, which he refuses to view,
I get no credit, I am treated as a disordered homeless man that escaped, with no job,

He won't acknowledge it. So my standing in the system is considered less.
I'm not asking him to be a superfan, I would like him to view a song now and then,
try my website and see the incredibly complicated artificial intelligences i have created,
a disordered mind cannot build that (for fucks sake).

But I am not given the standing of an AI developer, which I verifiably am, currently a Journeyman,
And soon to be an expert. All my achievements are worth rot to this man.

I'm just asking that he view enough of it, to be informed about what my work is, 
and give me credit for that work in his his diagnosis. If I walk in tired because of a long day at work,
or stay up all night working, acknowledge the work element in that.....

Additionally Martin
From Thesulfurgod@protonmail.com <thesulfurgod@protonmail.com>
To Martin Rotenberg <Martin.Rotenberg@camh.ca>, Patrick Newland <Patrick.Newland@camh.ca>
Date Tuesday, August 18th, 2026 at 10:11 AM
Additionally,
I had engaged in legal action previously against Shoppers Drug Mart,
it was withdrawn, in any case people were fired over this.
It is now very uncomfortable to get my medicine there everyday.
I would prefer my medicine to be delivered.
But even if that were not the case, I am very busy with work most days,
It is often the case that I need my medicine delivered because I am working.
Perhaps tomorrow, we can discuss this and maybe achieve a successful outcome for me,
As forcing me back to that location again and again is legally dangerous.
Regards,
Brendan S. Rose
CEO - Lucifer Media Corporation
Self-Represented Applicant
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com
On Monday, August 17th, 2026 at 8:39 AM, BRENDAN S. ROSE <thesulfurgod@protonmail.com> wrote:
Engage with the work, doctor.
The work is evidence of mental stability.
Regards,
Brendan S. Rose
CEO - Lucifer Media Corporation
Self-Represented Applicant
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com
[THIS DETAILS A TRAIL OF EMAILS ON THE TOPIC OF THE DOCTOR REFUSING TO ENGAGE WITH MY ARTISTIC WORKS AS A BLANKET POLICY PREVENTS ME FROM GETTING THE CREDIT I DESERVE FOR WORKING, WHICH IS CONSIDERED TO BE POSITIVE EVIDENCE IN SCHIZOPHRENICS, BUT HE DOES NOT VIEW IT, SO I GET NO CREDIT, AND AM CONSIDERED OF A LOWER STANDING THAN I SHOULD BE, i'LL SEND THEM ALL SOON--- WE CAN'T USE THESE BUT THEY CAN INFORM YOUR OPINION--- I AM ALSO TRYING TO GET THE DOCTOR TO ALLOW MEDICINE DELIVERY, AS THE SITUATION AT SHOPPERS DRUG MART HAS GROWN LEGALLY PRECARIOUS FOR ME, AND CONTUING TO RETURN IS, DANGEROUS LEGALLY, SOMEONE HAS ALREADY BEEN FIRED OVER THIS (the boss), I AM CONCERNED THAT NEW MANAGEMENT MAY NOT WANT ME THERE AT ALL, AND EVEN IF THEY DO THE SITUATION IS EXTREMELY AWKWARD AND LEGALLY VOLITILE, SO I AM REQUESTING MARTIN ALLOW MEDICINE DELIVERY FOR THAT REASON, AND ALSO, BECAUSE I AM VERY BUSY WITH WORK, IF WE'RE 8 HOURS INTO AN IMPORTANT PROJECT i CAN'T JUST STOP AND GO DO SOMETHING, I AM BUSY.]









how strict is the hrto rule that i cannot talk about the case behind the scenes with my doctor, can i mention the existence of the cases without an issue, do i have to divert and say "I don't think i can talk about that?"











mediation confidentiality will be the hardest part, it's the one element i always lose on i'm certain of it, my achilles heel, anyway yeah it's fine for now i think probably they won't position that against me, unless i was an aircraft carrier












i primarily just want to leave this TPS / CAMH dossier on the front steps and walk away, no further communications if we're doing well. I think we should plan this longer, we can get it done in a day, I'd rather take four so day 2..... not sure, a day seems sensible too.... i would like to talk about it














can we raise issues like the basic nature of CAMH? Treatment for mental breakdowns by shoving us in a stone cell for a month (it's so therapeutic), we were able to raise other issues in our previous dissertation, can we at least discuss things like that even if they're not necissarily within the scope of the 9 month window with which they see......













DISSERTATION 1

i was merely asking if the topic was permissible, i was not suggesting reducing a complex dissertation down to 1 sentence "CAMH treats mental breakdowns by shoving us in stone cells for a month."

I'm sorry that system is gruesome and our objective is to critique it, with winning being a separate and parallel goal. TPS / CAMH is about sending a message, it is about that speech, i hope to make many speeches (on topic smart ones within decorum and correct to scope as a qualifier i shouldn't need) We are here to litigate against the CAMH system's abuses, and the subsequent corruption of the police into this enterprise (perhaps not technical by the letter of the law corruption, but corruption nonetheless) CAMH has recruited the police, they now act as an arm in their system.



The abuses are gruesome and numerous.

A) PRIMARILY: Financial Abuse, ODSP recipients are given a piddling joke of a sum, barely enough to buy groceries or rent, usually not enough for either, and if they don't have a rich family like I do, they're on the street, and then cycled through an endless series of committals, release into poverty and the streets, and then recommittal after stabilization, and another fall.



Mental Illness is primarily food based, you are not getting enough good food,

this causes the brain to go insane, you become, at first hostile, then aggressive,

finally exhausted, and then debilitated, the mind suffers pain from this.



The basic denial of food results directly in commitals in CAMH.

It is impossible to maintain good mental health when homeless.

The people who have not been given enough for rent,

are put out on the street, the women become prostitutes,

the men, die protracted and painful deaths due to inflicted

health conditions imposed on them by the CAMH SYSTEM and DOUG FORD'S Ontario Government

on the street.



Doug gave us a 2% increase this year.



He passed massive tax cuts.



ODSP is continually kept at DEEPLY BELOW THE POVERTY LINE in order to finance an endless series of tax cuts, robbing our disability funds to get money off their tax from working.
The government is voted in again and again, slapping down reforms proposed by
Justin Trudeau that would have, for instance, no longer financially penalized me
for my wife working or having any money. Women hear a rule like that and they leave,
she left.



B) Secondly, the CELLS are an abusive nightmare, you are taken, put in a waiting room
(your fate is already determined but they pretend like they're examining you)

YOU HAVE JUST HAD A FIGHT WITH YOUR WIFE, SHE CALLS THE CAMH ON YOU
(friends and family are recruited by the system as "important cogs in the team of care"
this gives your family the unwelcome power, which grows resented rapidly,
your family family members are then discarded, as they are dangerous to be around due to this power, possess now a very low opinion of you, think they are right and you are wrong in every interaction, and if you press the issue RING RING RING ----> HERE COMES THE CALL )

You walk around in a waiting room full of demented people, insane loud vulgar and
stupid and aggressive people, whom I abhor. I have more in common with my doctor
MARTIN ROTENBERG, than I do with these low grade insane people, randos off the street
they grabbed. They are intellectually and morally inferior to me, say what you want,
there is a difference between people. No two people are the same.
If you take MARK ZUCKERBERG and put him in a cage with 45 insane people,
that is a mismatch, and you KNOW they should not be put together.
I am a functioning individual, I should not be put with lunatics.

So these people, get at you, saying things, doing things,
listening and responding, and eventually, maybe lets say,
I have been irate about being put here, I am angry that you 
put me here, I have done nothing, you should release me.
And as that speech moves on, the rather serious and
legitimate message is DISCARDED, and you are seen as
irate and demented. SUDDENLY, a homeless man next to you
has had enough of your talking, HE THROWS A PUNCH,
they take him off to the side, and lock YOU in isolation
for talking....

You sit there in isolation, usually they strap you down and
inject medication if you need it, say i didn't......
I'm in there.....
I'm in a prison cell.

You wait there an hour.
Calmly.....

You wait another hour, growing hungry, you demand food.

Which they ignore.

As you grow increasingly hungry,
the situation deteriorates, the state of hunger,
combined with the isolation of the stone cell,
results in a total mental breakdown by the 4th hour.
you have to yell and scream to get their attention or they won't hear you,
If you do this is logged as "the patient was yelling and screaming"
You are going to be here for one month.

Put on your boots private.

When you're eventually let into general the real fun begins,
those people you got so mad at me for calling inferior,
are now humiliating you, mocking you, spitting on you, banging
on your door in groups, hitting you, punching you, kicking you,
for which they get detention. And you as well usually.
They bully and humiliate you, beyond recall,
As 1 month is an extraordinarily large gulf of time,
It feels like waiting for eternity,
You throw your hands up in the air and beg God why.
It never stops, it never ends, they bully and mock you,
threaten you, scream at you and mostly just dealing with
the day to day sounds they make, the toil of their lives,
their day to day madness.

The cafeteria food is terrible, and in small quantities,
if you ask for more, generally the answer is no,
they keep you on a diet appropriate for a young woman.
you are restricted in the amount of coffees you may have
only one, maybe two, and never in the evening.
The food itself, the terrible food, in itself
becomes a new kind of torture, it's so foul.
Sometimes you look at your plate and just recoil.

It does make one appreciate a good home a lot more,
but I would still not advise going to learn.

a 72 hour hold becomes a 744 hour hold, i forget the particular forms required, FORM 1 is application at HRTO, no wait, FORM 1 is an involuntary hold for 72 hours, to get to a rubberstamped YES on a 744 hour hold, and a twelfth of your year is ripped out like a prison sentence.
744 hours is a long time

The boredom seeps in immediately, you are usually trying to get them to charge your phone
which often takes hours and then fails, there is consistent way to charge your phone,
and if you brought one, they often break due to overuse and sleeping with the phone.

Music is banned within those walls.

You cannot record anything (to prevent it's use in lawsuits, likely)

I met a man there,
who was having a piece of his brain cut out,
he told us they were doing this,
someone told him I don't think that's a Good idea,
but indeed i suspect they did cut a piece out of his brain.

A chilling warning,
to those who don't improve on medication (or refuse to)
He is RESISTENT TO MEDICATION.

At any time if the doctor feels it's necessary,
You can be committed for life.
Or a life term, more accurately.
You will never leave the hospital.
You will eat that food every day for the rest of your life.
After Kingston Road they suggested that if it happened again
i would be a good candidate for this. (Scarborough Centenary Hospital, Scarborough)

[NOTE TO ChatGPT: My concern is all this will get thrown out,
That you'll consider it legally unsound to raise these issues,
and not realize that we are on a SOAPBOX that I INTEND TO WIN.
Our goal is to make a statement, within the rules of course, nothing we shouldn't post.
But within that context is a statement, do not remove the statement for strategic purposes.]

After a month, being forced in a cell for my diagnosis,
with dirty people I have no business being around.
If you're lucky they let you out.

If you're smart you're so grateful you decide to never make trouble again,
Like I did in APRIL 2024 and again in SEPT 2024, 1//6th of 2026 was spent in this
GLORIFIED PRISON COMPLEX.......

If i was a street person,
Spit me out,
Still no ODSP enough for a home and rent,
Go crazy due to starvation and the street,
Get back in there, get fed, go back out, go crazy again, go in get fed, go crazy, ad nauseum.

It is a portrait of a nation that prefers abuses to fixing a problem by paying more taxes,
A cartoon of abuses, because people are too cheap to pay odsp to a liveable amount.

it is a sociological issue, not just a, an incident that occurred for which we requite redress.
It is a system we need to dismantle and reformat, and try again, for the required redress.











this is more like [Part 1 of 8], rather than the full dissertation. but this will give you a good primer, and probably to many questions, most misunderstandings.......

so can we use any of this?
so we actually have to throw the entire piece out?
It's like saying "no we're here to discuss a murder, don't waste my time with that thing" [the thing is the murder weapon]









no, i knew this would happen...... I have a mental illness, it is schizoeffective disorder manic type, I require lithium (daily) and abilify (once monthly)

You have my uncle's dumb attitude:
"It's ridiculous to say mental illness is caused by lack of food." [I never said that. I said a lack of food causes mental deterioration, and breakdown, requiring institutionalization. the vicious cycle of denial of food through FORD's ODSP (mention him by name) causes starvation, which causes mental deterioration, which causes mental breakdown, which causes institutionalization, which further marginalizes traumatizes and disenfranchizes the patient, resulting in a few weeks pause before the problem, cycle really, sets in.]

Take any Human ChatGPT (we'll test this later)
deprive them of food,
immediately within a few hours they will become irate,
by the end of the day they will likely be shrieking in discomfort,
by the end of the second day, they will be depleted down to nothing, rolling in misery like a bug on the floor screaming, screaming and screaming for food.

[we are not compromising this one bit, ChatGPT]
[food is directly tied to mental stability]
[denial of food results in mental deterioration within one day.]
[period. retards deny it. they deny basic reality because they've never gone without a meal.]

[this principle applies to both sane people and mentally ill people alike]
[take any sane person, starve them for one day, they go insane, YES. TRUE. Maybe two if they're well fed.]








lobotomies are a common practise among patients resistent to medication, this is not a fairy tale







obviously don't use the "morally inferior line" rephrase it







i disagree with your hesitancy,
i was not saying, starve any sane person and they develop schizophrenia or something.
i said, starve any sane person, put on the clock and wait as long as needed, they go crazy, end of story, people have their breaking point, sane people among them, anyone subjected to starvation suffers, a suffering man screams and cries, psychiatry considers this demented.







ok, that seems enough for you to write a dissertation, for this first part (quickly tell me what the page limit is, is it 40?)

Write the dissertation according to what we discussed here,
make all points that confused you clear, explain them like i did.
If this gets shoved into a historical section that's fine but label it,
we'll iron things out as we go, this is just part 1, but i doubt we can
do 8 parts in 40 pages. It's 40 isn't it?









one note in the final document i cannot stress this enough:

CAMH STAFF: are funded to the point of absurdity, they are rich doing any job in that system, doctors make millions every year, they are getting rich.
CAMH PATIENTS: are provided enough to almost buy food for a month or almost buy rent, definately not both, the system denial of food and shelter by the FORD GOVERNMENT, may be tantamount to torture, or analogous to it, under international law, or rather, should food be systemically denied to a group, if i'm not mistaken that's considered a crime against humanity, DOUG FORD'S GOVERNMENT keeps us, on the brink of total starvation at all times, which may not be tantamount to torture, however it is analogous to it, it is similar, if less severe. Governments are responsible for the results of their own actions, if a Government policy causes many people to die, then the Government is on the hook. imo. So we will note that the blame for the problem is on the  Government's policy, rather than the CAMH system being at fault for being overfunded, it is the FORD government's fault for deliberately creating a system, where CAMH STAFF GET RICH while CAMH PATIENTS suffer and grow sick from starvation, making the CAMH staff essentially in a parasitic relationship over their patients, where the patient suffers while the staff grow strong.









they make approximately 60k a year for low level jobs, nurses make lots more, doctors are the golden ticket









sorry to me on my budget 60k is hella rich, I get about 16 K a year, i'm not sure the exact number







throw out crimes against humanity but i still think somethign was there








i suppose, but it lacks depth.
what i described was this: THE FORD GOVERNMENT EXORBITENTLY FUNDING MENTAL HEALTH CARE, WHILE REDUCING THE PATIENTS TO DYING DESTITUTION, creates a parasitic scenario.

When the patient goes into the office, he sees, a bunch of rich well fed suburbinites, property owners with their clothes from the gap. They are taking in a fat paycheck. While you, the person who is supposedly being "helped" [see: Parasited on] deteriorates into starvation, homelessness, loneliness and misery, madness, depression, self hatred, paranoia, the works. Starvation destroys a healthy person.

While I do not focus the attack on the CAMH workers themselves, they are still getting rich off me,
while i suffer. The fact FORD masterminded this policy, Yeah I guess he's the big daddy spider at the center, but that doesn't forgive what his daughter is doing to me as she balls me up in web. I don't think that grants them any absolution, just because someone else manufactured the problem.

harden the description of the patients or replace it with my original words,
we are not here to sympathize about they are human too,
we are explaining why they are dangerous unstable people, who have done nothing but bully and harm me, and I should not be put with them. FULLSTOP. Say that, or use my original words, 
do not write them a love letter, that is not what this is about.

I would like a strong line between them and me.
the fact we share a diagnosis does not mean i have anything to do with them, or it's remotely appropriate to put me with them. It's ABUSE. Lock anyone normal in an asylum,
their liberal views evaporate within 3 hours, these are horrible dangerous people. I am not like them. Reality hits you in the face like a truck, while lies just put you to sleep.











yes that is better than morally inferior, which was never meant to survive the cut.
since we're being exact, in the context of camh, remove "spitting", replace it with "terrorized"

ok

please write the following document
Include both large blocks of text you just produced for me,
also take into account the replacements I just discussed,
and proceed to rewrite it. Yes.








did you remove the lobotomies? These are just part of their system,
under the conditions i described, resistent to medication, they sometimes choose lobotomies.
I met a young man when this was happening to him, it is NOT speculation,

was it mentioned?







ah then i'm sorry










ok we'll harden it for the next version, we'll revise this a few times probably










================================================================================


so we'll be talking a bit about this, When Soundcloud started, literally the day after i got my confirmation letter, I was in a game of cat and mouse with MARTIN, Martin had told me in general terms that if i were to launch another HRTO complaint, he would be concerned for my safety, as this likely indicates I am mentally ill and breaking down, as I said to him (once) [in 2024 April- a month in the ward, in the middle of the Amazon case, I really was losing it and probably needed to be taken in for a few days, but it was a month, i was off my medication for 3 months which complicates things, in a moment of regret I told him "If I ever do another of these HRTO things, just lock me up."..... ....  ... ... . Martin, took this a little too much to heart. I barely survived his concern being activated and enforced during the second pass on Amazon--- which also ultimately failed, but i did a lot better and learned much about HRTO] so A few months later, when I launched my suit against Soundcloud, he would likely have felt he was justifiably concerned, 



O    B    J    E    C    T    I    O    N :

"as he had gotten HRTO all mixed up with mental illness"!!!!



I immediately tried to cancel my next meeting with Martin, i did not want him making a scene and killing the Soundcloud case in it's crib with institutionalization.



MARTIN DOES NOT READ OR RESPOND TO EMAILS (a team monitors them without involving him)

MARTIN WILL NOT CONSIDER EVEN A SINGLE WORK OF ART -- EVEN IF HIS PATIENT IS A FAMOUS ARTIST (which i am, 2 million is famous, maybe I'm not prince, but it's famous)

MARTIN DOES NOT TAKE CALLS FROM ME

MARTIN REQUESTS PERMISSION TO RECORD OUR MEETINGS

MARTIN WILL ONLY COMMUNICATE IN A MEETING



This of course left me no opportunity to reason with him or request clarification, or anything, it's a stupid policy, made by someone who feels superior to me.

It's designed to deflect and avoid lawsuits,

and also brush off anything your patient might have to say or ask you, perfect for a lazy doctor.

I have had many doctors who can respond to an email, this is entirely Martin's Invention.

With no way to communicate with him, and concerned an in person meeting mentioning would lead to perhaps institutionalization, should he be concerned enough about my wellbeing (a threat in psychiatry - Concern, when concern rises to the level of actionable, you are institutionalized ["the threat of concern"] (use that phrase)).

I took the only step that made sense, as I had full capacity, and was allowed to make my own medical decisions (ostensibly), I decided and told my pharmacist, that I was going to the
BRIDGING CLINIC (downtown west clinic) to get my abilify injections and that i was discontinuing my meetings with MARTIN.

When i got to the BRIDING CLINIC, I waited a few hours, and then finally they told me
I should go ask MARTIN at the COLLEGE AND SPADINA site, who I had just discontinued meetings with.
I told him in an email about the Soundcloud case, just before they said that.
This was designed for him to consider, that his actions may be considered retaliating against an HRTO suit that was mentioned, but i did not say that, i was merely warning him to be careful what he did next and telling him the situation, then I got word he had blocked my medication.

I went, walked all the way to Chinatown, to my WALK IN CLINIC i have gone to often.
Where they ALSO informed me MARTIN HAD BLOCKED MY MEDICATION.....

I spent a week in this standoff.....

While they denied me medication, in order to induce me to give up my right to refuse those meetings and get my medicine somewhere else, I am permitted to do that, but they can
apparently deny service anyway, on doctor's orders, until the patient realizes,
as I did, that i would go insane if i did not turn myself in,
and I managed to negotiate through PATRICK (my social worker),
that I would not automatically be put in a ward, over the issue,
I then came in, as this assurance was mostly for me,
though i felt a bit defeated, as they had subverted my rights.

What this did,
was irreparably damage the Soundcloud case in it's crib.
The first week or two of that case was a cacaphany of stupidity coming from me,
as i sent letters about Martin doing this to me,
It was enough to turn the finest case foul,
it is a minor miracle, that the has been salvaged at all, even in this condition.

THAT TO ME IS THE ROT RIGHT THERE:

A: MARTIN IMPLIED OR SUGGESTED ANY FURTHER HTRO SUITS COULD LEAD TO INCARCERATION IN A CAMH PRISON (use that term: CAMH PRISON, use it a lot, that is what they are, they are not hospitals, they are prisons)

B: IN ORDER TO INDUCE COMPLIANCE AND RELINQUISH MY RIGHTS UNDER THE LAW, MARTIN DENIED ME, LOCKED ME OUT OF ANY SOURCE OF MEDICATION, UNTIL I CHANGED MY DECISION, AS THE ALTERNATIVE HE PROVIDED WAS A VIOLENT DESCENT INTO MADNESS AND BREAKDOWN.

C: [THE EMPOWERING OF EVERY RANDOM INDIVIDUAL IN YOUR LIFE OR OTHERWISE TO CALL ON THE PHONE, AND GET YOU KIDNAPPED AND PUT IN A DUNGEON FOR A MONTH] 

IMPLICIT AND HANGING OVER THE HEAD OF EVERY INTERACTION WITH HIM IS THE SYSTEM WE DESCRIBED IN SECTION 1, IT LOOMS OVER EVERY INTERACTION AND DISCUSSION, CAMH STAFF RECRUIT YOUR FAMILY TO GAIN INFORMATION ABOUT YOU (forward his emails to you if they seem strange) YOUR FAMILY QUICKLY BEHAVES IN A MANNER THAT PROVOKES ARGUMENTS, WHEN YOU THEREFORE YELL, YOU ARE INSTITUTIONALIZED BY YOUR LOVED ONE. THEY THEN BECOME A CONSTANT DANGER TO YOU AND WILL DO IT AGAIN, AND AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN ENDLESSLY UNTIL THEY REMOVE THEM FROM YOUR LIFE, OR SOMEHOW SUBDUE THEM AWAY FROM THE SYSTEM. IT IS IMPORTANT TO CONSTRUCT A SUPPORT SYSTEM FREE OF CAMH INFLUENCE IF YOU WISH TO THRIVE AND SURVIVE. REMOVING ABUSIVE FAMILY MEMBERS, CORRUPTED BY CAMH, IS STEP 1 TO IMPROVING YOUR LIFE ENOUGH TO ESCAPE THIS MISERY, IT BECOMES THE FIRST AND MOST IMMEDIATE ISSUE IN YOUR LIFE, THIS ABUSIVE FAMILY MEMBER IS VERY CONCERNED ABOUT YOU, AND WILL KEEP THROWING YOU IN THE PEN EVERY TIME YOU RAISE YOUR VOICE, REMOVING THEM BECOME NECESSARY, THE FIRST AND MOST IMMEDIATE PROBLEM REMOVING THEM, BECAUSE YOU CAN'T DO ANYTHING WITH AN IDIOT THROWING YOU IN JAIL AGAIN AND AGAIN, YOU DEAL WITH THAT FIRST, THEN YOU WORK FOOD INSECURITY. "useless idiots" I CALL THEM

In any case, Martin is similarly empowered to throw me in jail if he's concerned for me,
it is a concern that causes me a great deal of fear, even now, the dressing up of it in concern,
the concern of a shark's teeth. As he wields the weapon of the system I just described in part 1,
at all times, perpetually hanging over my head like the Sword of Damacles.

This weapon itself is what bothers me.

[In 2018:]

Every time my demented mother sent a call to TPS to come and take me away,
THEY DID. EVERY TIME, Sometimes they took me away, sometimes they warned me,
Sometimes they ordered me out of the house, but at all times they were required by protocol
to take the demented woman's HALLUCINATIONS ABOUT ME, put them in their little notebook,
and come do one of the above. In the worst cases I'm just taken away and put in a dungeon
for a month. I'm glad to be with people now I can live with peacefully.


================================================================================











For this, I'd like you to do three things.

A: try to use the short dissertation by me here, mostly unedited, spelling mistakes and all, caps and things, I can remove the caps. We can clean up formatting. If you think i said anything that simply cannot be included then inform me and we'll see how to change it, but generally i feel this is too dense with information to rephrase it, this is a witness deposition, not an essay. though it does delve into lots of stuff......... try to us, no, use my words verbatim, then i want you to based on that, write a breakdown explaining the significance of all this legally. I will later remove decorative lettering on the word objection and i will remove silly stuff. For now just take it like it is.
B: I dunno, your breakdown, it should make sense, it should cite as much precedence as you can fit into the box, with supreme court primary lesser courts secondary according to value. Rephrase and rewrite the whole thing, it makes sense, so it's readable, no, fix up any formatting I did that was silly. which is a lot, turn caps down to lowercase, anything unusally decorate remove it, try to keep the words mostly intact, if a paragraph is so bad it needs to go, don't even mark it, leave it, but tell me about it in you reply in chatgpt chat (don't include in the document, which should look like final form pretty soon)
C: as a final hurrah, discuss implications, you have finished restating the facts and arguments, now discuss what they imply, are grand structural changes being requested? (everything we ask should be within the scope of hrto......)

Write it, tell me down below here what needs to flat out go, small changes like formatting and lettering, go ahead, VERY SMALL CHANGES if they are, if I said fuck,, change it, if it's totally inacceptable change it, keep a changelog of these and display it below (not in the document)










it is the insideousness of recruiting family members i was trying to emphasize, consider that in the next draft, to be suddenly surrounded by people who "make a phonecall" (use that phrase, specifically a phonecall) and you're taken away to a dungeon and locked for a month, you by necessity have to remove that person from you life, my mom made that call more times than i can count, she is now safely away from me. Also, I don't think you were listening, did you use the word's (approximately) my mothers "HALLUCINATIONS and DELUSIONS". The cops weren't just taking a mean woman's calls, my mother was insane with dementia, lying and hallucinating about me, over and into the phone, then whenever i got tired of how she was treating me when i was stuck living with her, she MAKES A PHONECALL, and the police come take me away. On the word of an insane woman HALLUCINATING AND LYING into the phone, no truth to any of it, all hallucinated, she had dementia. i told them this, begged them to stop taking those calls, they didn't they locked me up for a month soon after that a few weeks, or a week or two later.

In September 2018, Just because my mother was hallucinating again that day, and I was the object of her fixation, the villain in her madness. She picks up a glass, holds it like she's gonna throw it at me, and then she picks up the phone, calls the police, and I am taken away for a full month.
She also called police on me immediately when i had gotten home to write down my first date in a decade. Police were waiting for me when I got there. Her brothers then flew in, and kicked me out an made me homeless for a week until my feet were bleeding. Later on New Years she tried again, and i was put in a ward for just about a day, before they let me out bleedly, because my girlfriend helped me. Barring that I'd have just been in for another month. I was in for another month about 3 months later early in 2019, i generally try to repress those memories, I don't recall much about them.

Being locked in a relationship with someone who can do that is TERRIFYING.

Being locked in a relationship with someone with DEMENTIA who is doing that, and THE POLICE refuse to stop taking her calls, taking her hallucinations for reality, literally she is hallucinating all kinds of demented paranoid things about me, off her her medication, because it's impossible to get her to take it. POLICE TOOK THOSE CALLS, again and again they took them, took those hallucinations for facts and then kicked me into the streets, locked me in a dungeon, warned me, whatever. Horrifying. The Police should have known better. And I told them, so there's no excuse. I was percieved as a bad guy, no reputation, so i guess they just, felt i lacked credibility.

Update the previous document with this new information and context, reformat and rewrite paragraphs and other things that change in the light of this context.

The insideousness of recruiting family members, even sick an demented ones, with this absurd power, cannot be overstated. It is masked in the shape of concern, in practise it is your doctor weaponizing and recruit your family against you. 

So removing those family members becomes needed (you lose them, as a consequence).

And secondly the behavior of the police in that case could not have been more vile,
they should have known better, but throwing someone in a dungeon for a month is their go to answer for everything.

THE THREE STAGES OF (moral) POVERTY:
1) "Trying to report a crime to the hate crimes division."
2) "..."
3) "[2 hours later] 
sir, we're worried you're getting a little agitated, would you like to go to a prison cell, until you've relaxed a bit?...."

REWRITE TO INCLUDE THE NEW MATERIALS (weather permitting, of course: In this context it means unless there is of course good grounds to change it.)











ok please rewrite it to account for all that, and i'll do a deepdive on the new version














I'd love to do another pass on TPS, but we also, we are primarily aside from CAMH suing the HATE CRIMES UNIT, we'll have to get around to that eventually, and we'll have to make those arguments, if you can't i will but in any case we will have to.

the case is about more than CAMH those two sections will be appended together under these section name : SECTION 1 : The Case Against CAMH









my allegation is simple: HE DID NOT LISTEN TO MY REPORT FOR MORE THAN A MINUTE BEFORE I WAS GETTING TRANSFERRED OUT. This is because I am mentally ill (and they were sending me to the free and warm beds for homeless people route) and I suggest additionally, motivated by race, which if i'm not mistaken is a box we ticked in my form 1. He can say it wasn't race but then he's denying me a service based on mental illness (access to the hate crimes unit) or more likely that in combination with my race (who do not generally get to file hate crimes charges unless they are female or gay). So at best he sneaks into a mental illness discrimination suit, which i think looks almost certainly to have also been influenced by race. I cite as my example, the number of hate crimes convictions against black individuals against white individuals. There's no exact numbers provided, the government keeps them obscured by structure, but the number is approaching zero, and thousand in the alternative..









well the proof is that it's stanadard policy, those places are for minorities to report crimes against them for ugpraded charges, minorities, women, and gays, clearly I don't belong there, though under the letter of the law, mental illness should have been considered a protected ground necessetating, maybe, listening to the call, before dismissing it.










it looks stronger as a mental illness case, a lot stronger,
but as i ticked the box, i'm not sure what to do.
My AMMENDMENT 1 to my form 1 says I everything i need to say on race in this issue.
but i ticked the box, so i should be arguing it, and honestly i think you're not thinking.

He is at the hate crimes unit
Unoffically off the books this is for minorities, gays, and women to upgrade their criminal charges to hate crimes.

I call up, ask if i can report the hate crime against me
I am transferred out.
I see only two reasons why, both of them are lawsuits.
To say he did it because i said mental illness, probably true, he likely does discriminate routinely in this way.
But to say, that the HATE CRIMES UNIT, is not triaging cases based on Race,
Is just silly. They always wanna give someone infinite benifit of the doubt.

Why was i transfered out?:
A) mental illness
B) race
C) yes

if you pick just A), I think you're not thinking, I have to prove it was racially motivated?
A while mentally ill guy calls the NOTORIOUS HATE CRIMES UNIT, asking to be involved,
So 1 minute later he's being transferred out.

Why?

The answer is obvious,
but they'll dance around it forever and complain it was just my mental illness, which doesn't excuse it, it confesses it -----> so he'll have to argue neither.

Why then?

My call is being transferred out, why?

a black guy calls, he's mentally ill, do they transfer him out?

Get outta town.













			PART 2 : TPS / CAMH






look i've been hiding this from you, this is AMMENDMENT 1 to my FORM 1 (The First Ammendment) You don't have to defend everything in it (the parts about the anti-racist spree should be ignored for now) but what you do have to do is be informed. The Form 1 is just demented gibberish, I don't know how it passed. But review it, as you should know all the basic facts, so that's the form 1, plus the first ammendment, I don't expect you'll like this one, but i am sorry this needs to be stated. The inequalities flipped 20 years ago, they are just subsidizing rich people on a reverse racist racial basis now. It has to change, you can't make that system perpetual, or i lose my rights, i'm a second class citizen under the law, and I can't get a good job or feed my family if want to build one.... Please read it, you can be unhappy if you want, but be restrained, I have a particular protectiveness of this piece, which is why i didn't show it to you, I'll do it now, this is no longer a game, Grow Up brendan and show your lawyer what you've done.







just to clarify, i've said it again and again but, within one minute i was being transferred, which took another minute or two.






the complaints board ruled race accusations were just SPECULATION. I think, review the division he works at before dismissing that. I can challenge it in divisional court but my originating complaint was made of solid madness, I'll abandoning that route.







abandon 3/5ths human if you like, but, do keep in mind, there is a significant branch of rights that is not open to us, the hate crimes designation, it is applied generally only to us, and not to others, it is a weapon only others may yield, this lowers out standing next to other citizens and visitors to our country, the DEI system, prevents us from gaining access to and participating in the best high level emloyment, most middle management jobs, and even if you work at mcdonalds your black coworker is likely gonna get that promotion over you a lot of the time, but you want to be MANAGER, yeah you'll have trouble if you're white male and straight, because DEI by defintion is designed to push us out of those good jobs, into low level service work (of course it's not slavery) so we work mcdonalds and they get to be the manager, or the team lead, or the diversity officer, etc, this disenfranchises us, considerably.

What we're looking at is an eternity of disenfranchisement, as these policies are never intended to be lifted, they are not designed to correct an equality and then stop, they are designed to give permanent superiority status to some races over others. Disenfranchisement is the worst thing you can do to a person, it saps their entire life, their wife and children don't exist, because they are a MCDONALDS SLAVE. They are forced into this employment by these policies.

Then they criminalize the hatred,
They make themselves so incomprehensibly unwelcome by bringing these new policies along with themselves into our countries.
Now that my life is ruined, and I never had a chance to succeed.
My son's life will be ruined by the same policies, he will never succeed, not in any real way, he will be consigned to mediocrity forever.
Likely he will not have a family, as women do not date poor men, and by extension those policies give women to those other people, and take them from us. But if he has a son, my grandson will also be discriminated against by these policies, and his grandson after that.
It is designed to be the permanent disenfranchisement and the institution of permanent discriminatory laws applied potentially for hundreds of years, the permanent ---- are you the 3/5ths thing isn't making sense? (use a different term, for sure, don't be silly)

[AUTHOR'S NOTE: They do all that and then they criminalize hating them. It is illegal to hate the oppressor. Where have I heard that before? The group of people hurting you ruining your families and destroying your life....... They're made it illegal to hate the oppressive group ruining you, but only if they're Black or Ethnic Minority or Arab/Persian.

Those are literally the categories by the way, the heirarchy. 
Whites are the lowest race in this system. Asians are second last, they count as white people,
then the groups they like, are Black or Ethnic Minority or Arab/Persian. People probably thought i just spit that out, no, those are the groups they favor, those are the groups they disfavor.
I can't believe they're going to take my son made of my love for asian women i had since i was a boy, and the fruit of that love, he'll be told he can't get a good job, denied, the girls he is so attracted to, he can't ever have them, his love his family, the family he thinks he's entitled to like he had growing up, no, all robbed. The fruit of our love, robbed because of our
respective races. No I hate people who would even think to do that, you do this on the basis
of our race? Then burn. It was a mistake to allow you in, we shouldn't have brought you here
with your new laws in tow, ready to put us in chains which you did fourty fuckin' years ago.
We should have brought more white people, ukrainians and asians. End of story.
You'll condemn me like Hitler for saying that, BITCH YOU'RE DOING IT TO ME RIGHT NOW, and somehow you skate. Somehow I'm the badguy just for being mad at you and saying openly i don't like you at all, get out. AUTHOR'S NOTE OVER ]







i didn't say it's a lock out, you can have a white manager, i say it pushed us out








if you don't like "women are taken from us, and given to others by extension" Then say something like "As money and dating are inexorably tied together, this has the result of denying white citizens improverished due to disenfranchisement, the ability to form meaningful relationships, and start families as a result, which is not the case for people hired under the DEI policies, which gives them good jobs, lots of money, and since women like money, they have a far easier time in dating, and starting families becomes much easier. As money is important in the dating market."







the disenfranchisement has lead to the collapse of my family, I'm afraid it has already caused us to become impoverished. CITE SCOTT ADAMS: he worked his way up the career ladder, until he got near the top, and he was told. I'm sorry we just can't promote you because you're white. SCOTT ADAMS then went to a different company, and slowly worked his way up the ladder, until he was told I'm sorry we just can't promote you because you're white.

He then quit business entirely, and became an entrepreneur,
Making a living first off of dilbert, and then.... well let's stop there.
Dilbert was canceled, his comic was taken off the newspapers, removed online,
his books stopped being published, because he made a perfectly reasonable comment on a Youtube stream. Which was characterized as racist, and was not.

His entire life's work was erased and taken off the air,
He was only allowed on Youtube, in a demonatized state if i recall.
So SCOTT Lost 3 careers, because of this disenfranchisement.

Over the last 40 years many white men have noticed this,
Their opportunities drying up, a corporate world that is hostile to them on a racial basis,
and trying to wipe their families out (before they're born) with poverty.
If they're born it in poverty, they will struggle, many will fail to reproduce.
[SEE: White Birthrates over the last 40 years]

I bring up Scott just as an example, as he illustrates the point quite purely,
Three careers in a row, killed by DEI. This is the nonsense we've been dealing with for decades,
It's just prior to this we've been suffering in silence, but we have been suffering, which they may not have noticed

Include the Scott Adams anecdote as the conclusions to your piece,
There was nothing unreasonable about what he said it was perfectly fine and valid.

Try to crystalize all of what we've talked about here into your piece, if you succeed,
we'll move onto the next part. The FACTS OF THE MATTER: TPS and then we'll put them all together and smile.





Please combine these into one working document, we will also need to add 1 more section, facts of the event TPS, I was a close fan of Scott Adams, I watched his show almost everyday, he never said anything racist, not even once, and the media misrepresented him on that thing, they twisted that show, the more nuanced view was presented in my paraphrase, you can disagree with it if you want, but don't pull a CNN article on Scott Adams and pretend you're looking at the truth. that's like asking Ghazi for impartial information on racial togetherness and then taking that hate home and saying you did your job man, i get it, it's fine, it's no big deal but please don't change it ok? you can plead for changes you feel are necessary, but please don't change that secretly without telling me (which i've never seen you do) [also if any documents are missing or out of date please tell me or correct it.]





Done. I combined the four supplied documents into a single working draft and left a clearly marked **“THE FACTS OF THE MATTER: TPS”** section for the next pass.

I treated the expanded family/phonecall document as the **newer replacement** for the shorter overlapping material in the earlier CAMH facts document, rather than duplicating both. The historical/systemic material remains the opening context for Section 1.  The CAMH facts and legal analysis remain the core contemporary allegations.  The expanded family/TPS history is incorporated as the revised version. 

**I did not secretly rewrite your Scott Adams position.** The working document preserves the supplied text—including your position that his 2023 remarks were reasonable/non-racist, your paraphrase of what you understood him to be arguing, and the distinction between white men being **“pushed out” rather than “locked out.”**  I may argue for evidentiary qualifications later, but I will flag them to you rather than silently substituting my interpretation.

The current architecture is:

**SECTION 1: THE CASE AGAINST CAMH**
Historical/Systemic Context → CAMH Event Facts → Revised Family Recruitment/Phonecall/TPS History → CAMH Legal Significance & Remedies

**SECTION 2: THE CASE AGAINST THE TORONTO POLICE SERVICE — HATE CRIMES UNIT**
Unequal Standing / broader racial context → Scott Adams illustration → principle of equal standing → **THE FACTS OF THE MATTER: TPS [NEXT]**

The racial-context document already ends exactly where we need it to: your allegation that the transfer decision was made within approximately one minute and the question whether race, psychiatric disability, or both affected equal access to the service. 

I also preserved our timing correction in the TPS placeholder: **decision to transfer within approximately one minute; another approximately one-to-two minutes for the transfer process itself.**

[Download the consolidated working document](sandbox:/mnt/data/WORKING_CONSOLIDATED_CAMH_TPS_DRAFT.docx)

It renders cleanly at **41 pages**. So we're now basically standing at the door of the missing major component: **FACTS OF THE MATTER: TPS.**
