As Martin Rotenberg was violating my human rights, while causing a situation that directly and negatively impacted the Soundcloud Proceedings, after threatening me with institutionalization (essentially) should I mention or file at HRTO again, he would consider a matter of grave concern, which carries an implicit threat. This behavior goes back years, to the Amazon case, where I entered into HRTO proceedings during a breakdown. However subsequent filings caused first concern, then this absurd situation, and now he continues to aggress against my right to decide my treatment. I have full capacity (no CTO), there is no valid reason to deny my request for medicine delivery which is consistent with my rights under the law. This attack on the Soundcloud case caused me great distress and misery, and almost ruined the case, it took weeks to recover, this was displayed on the court record. The TPS case has to do with my report on the hate crimes committed against me, in my neighborhood, when I made my call, which i still feel was not taken seriously. The Shoppers Drug Mart's case (which will be entered into evidence later if we proceed beyond a summary hearing) concerned the same events, it had to with Shoppers Drug Mart blocking services to Martin at HRTO, and also their failure to address the climate of hysteria arising, in conjunction with the hate crimes, which were not investigated as hate crimes, but rather individual incidents unrelated to each other, which is nakedly false. Then determining no importance to the event, and acknowledging no pattern of behavior, which was in fact a hysteria, it was reported as neither a hate crime nor an assault, and no report number issued, no report filed. As they did not take my concerns seriously, likely because a white mentally ill man likely is seen as having no place in the Hate Crimes Unit. Shoppers Drug Mart and TPS are intimately intertangled. Martin and Shoppers Drug mart are intimately intertangled. Camh and the police are intimately intertangled. Camh and Shoppers drug mart are intimately intertangled. Soundcloud, the affected case Martin was likely trying to prevent or destroy, with this situation, is therefore intertangled in the entire mess, and therefore the connection between Soundcloud and 2026-67461-I, one cannot be understood without the other.