Re: Subject: HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I and HRTO
FILE 2026-68793-I - Brendan Rose - ODSP Parkdale has cutoff my Abilify and
Rent
From Thesulfurgod@protonmail.com <thesulfurgod@protonmail.com>
To Stephen Cahill <stephen.cahill@soundcloud.com>, hate.crime.unit@torontopolice.on.ca,
hrto.registrar@Ontario.ca <hrto.registrar@ontario.ca>, Patrick Newland <Patrick.Newland@camh.ca>,
Martin Rotenberg <Martin.Rotenberg@camh.ca>, Michele Warner <Michele.Warner@camh.ca>,
Bridging.Service@camh.ca, ODSP.Parkdale@ontario.ca
Date Wednesday, September 2nd, 2026 at 2:28 PM

Just a note:
Patrick has indicated he is refusing to email a response.
Likely on the advise of counsel to "shield himself from liability".
This will likely result in injury to my health after the OCTOBER 30th 2026 Abilify Cutoff,
and in my opinion liability for the resulting damage to my health, safety, dignity, the resulting mental breakdowns, and other
problems, etc. Along with ODSP Parkdale, an extension of the same institution, and Amy Gonzales, who bears primary personal
responsibility for the resulting crisis after the OCTOBER 30th 2026 pause.

Regards,
Brendan S. Rose
CEO - Lucifer Media Corporation
Self-Represented Applicant
HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I and HRTO FILE 2026-68793-I
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com

On Wednesday, September 2nd, 2026 at 12:08 PM, BRENDAN S. ROSE <thesulfurgod@protonmail.com> wrote:
Registrar ( HRTO FILE 2026-68793-I ),
I am sorry for speaking before service is decided, I'd like to bring something to the
tribunal's attention related to my FORM 1 filing.
ATTACHMENTS:
File on hold.pdf
FORM 23 - ODSP Abilify Cutoff Letter.pdf

Patrick Newland,

I was told you can reverse the decision to cutoff my Abilify injections and rent,
rendered by ODSP Parkdale 2 days ago, and that you require this letter.
Please CC the Registrar and the Tribunal in all communications with me,
it is legally advisable for you to reply quickly, as this is a life threatening emergency
you must address Patrick.

Registrar (HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I),
Please add this to my filings prior to the September 14th deadline(s),
I allege this was reprisal for the other cases. (in addition to my other charges)
Amy Gonzales (ODSP Parkdale - Case Worker),
I apologize for communicating with you through the ODSP Portal
after proceedings had begun. It was an error, please answer the question I asked you there,
When is the effective cutoff date of my Abilify? Do I get even one more injection?
Please CC the Registrar, The Tribunal and all involved parties in your reply.
Please do not communicate without doing so.

Regards,
Brendan S. Rose
CEO - Lucifer Media Corporation
Self-Represented Applicant
HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I and HRTO FILE 2026-68793-I
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com
On Tuesday, September 1st, 2026 at 10:30 AM, BRENDAN S. ROSE <thesulfurgod@protonmail.com> wrote:
Subject: HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I - Brendan S. Rose - To Martin Rotenberg - An
Emergency at ODSP Parkdale - Amy Gonzales - Case Worker

Hello Martin,
I have a favor to ask you.
Amy at ODSP has cutoff my service, both ODSP and my life saving Abilify. I remember when she tried this before, you
talked to her, and convinced her to change her mind. I request that you do it again.
[Registrar, please add this submission to both cases HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I (Soundcloud) and HRTO FILE 2026-
67461-I (Toronto Police Services Hate Crimes Unit) in advance of the September 14th Deadline] Stephen you have been
included due to the nexus to CAMH in your case, no malice is alleged on the part of Soundcloud, your involvement is due
to Martin's interference in your case, Regarding Soundcloud i only wish to discuss my adverse affect discrimination
claims, which i hope can be resolved peacefully, TPS Hate Crimes Unit, you have been included due to the nexus to
CAMH, Michele you are an involved party, so I'm forwarding this to you too. Patrick you're included because you're
involved. Bridging service I've included you because my allegation was that after my request to add you as a respondent
due to your denial of service in the Soundcloud incident, Amy immediately retaliated, whether against that or the cases at
large, is what i have argued is likely. Amy, at ODSP I'm forwarding this to you as you are an involved party. It is not
intended to re-argue the Form 1 at you, nothing here contradicts my Form 1, rather I'm just explaining the dangerous
situation which has been created to Martin, in the hopes that he might help fix it, as he may have the power to.
A) Martin, you're very familiar with my case file,
Along with the Horror at Kingston Road. Where
 a combination of protracted near total starvation
 and deprivation of my direly needed medication
 over three months resulted in a violent standoff
 with police, who had to cut open my door,
 after I attempted to murder someone, with a glass bottle
 of giant baileys from a 2nd floor balcony,
 which was logged as a mental health incident,
 I was given my medicine, monitored for a month
 as i recovered and released, with a warning that
 if this ever happens again (it was not my fault)
 I may be permanently committed.
Amy is playing dice with my life, arguably the lives of others. This is not a threat,
 catastrophic breakdown has resulted in all cases where i went off my medication
 for longer than three months. This is mandated mental breakdown.
And mandated homelessness.
I argued she has done this in reprisal for the legal action I have launched against her employer and yours, the CAMH
system. The pretext given was flimsy to say the least, she claimed i went over the gift limit, this is a lie, I only received
7200 in gifts.
The gift limit is $10,000 7200 is well below it.
What she's referring to is this.
She has ordered me to live on the street,
[issued an ODSP wage which is homeless level money, I would have to leave my home and go on the street.] As my uncle
did not want me to die as a result of Amy's actions (and my previous workers), he paid rent direct to the landlord. This was
an emergency measure, paying rent directly to the landlord, from my mother's dementia care funds, in order to prevent
death by exposure and protracted death over months or years on the street, a torturous slow death on the street, a
humiliating death. Where Amy thinks I belong, and retaliated against my uncle for trying to save me from this abusive
mistreatment. So that was not "gifts" that was "preventing death due to ODSP Parkdale policies."
The amount of gifts was, only 7200, she also bought me a face shaver set, among other small items.
I alleged in my filings that homelessness is the intended goal of ODSP Parkdale's policies, as all of their rules appear
designed to create this outcome. [for instance mandated homelessness, retaliation against family members who try to save
the victim's life, measures designed to ruin relationships, break up marriages, and chase women away from their husbands.
I suggested this is designed to keep the victim weak and poor, so they can be abused for profit in the CAMH facilities.]
Please ask Amy to restore the denied services.
I will not accept another similar substituted service of lower quality. She is potentially creating a very dangerous situation,
for me and others. This is an emergency, Martin.
Make sure to tell her right away....
Regards,
Brendan S. Rose
CEO - Lucifer Media Corporation
Self-Represented Applicant

HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com
On Monday, August 31st, 2026 at 11:24 PM, BRENDAN S. ROSE <thesulfurgod@protonmail.com> wrote:
Dear Registrar, Corporate Counsel, Respondents, and other Parties,
Thank you for your time,
I look forward to the hearing.
Attached is the LECA report,
Please admit it into my submissions prior to the September 14th deadline for the TPS Hate Crimes Unit case with
Stephen provided a copy as he has an interest in this. (I say surprise them, argue Soundcloud is innocent but you're
appalled by this situation. You are sorry this has happened to me, but (argue) it has nothing to do with Soundcloud.
And you simply cannot grant my request. Rather than taking a hard line approach on me, you could argue, it is a tragic
story, full of shocking information, but you just don't see yourself as liable for it, (which would be true by the way,
CAMH is) instead of siding with the abuses against me, which could backfire, which you profit nothing from. Again I
don't see any reason why we're enemies, I don't think we are, is my guess.....) Sorry, my mind wanders, as you know
well.
--- LECA, a law enforcements complaints bureau which threw out one of my complaints as it was poorly structured,
this one is a bit more robust, if they reject it also, there are several more officers to discuss.
I feel the LECA report is a good primer on the TPS HCU case,
Stephen, if you're wondering why I included you, I have said it several times. It is the NEXUS to CAMH.
A) CAMH was involved in the Toronto Police Services Hate Crimes Unit call, and the events described in the
transcript. They were the destination, they were the reason the officers mistreated me, and the method of
mistreatment.
B) CAMH was involved in the Soundcloud Case, Because Martin Rotenberg of CAMH directly interfered in the
Soundcloud proceedings, publicly damaging my credibility, and doing immense harm to the case, which has
only recently recovered. Additionally the CAMH Bridging clinic was involved in the same events.
C) CAMH was involved in the denial of service at ODSP Parkdale today, when my ODSP and Life Saving
Medication Coverage were both cut, immediately after filing to add The Bridging Clinic as a Respondent,
likely in reprisal for the proceedings at large, but a myriad of other reasons present themselves, all equally
illegal.
D) CAMH is also obviously connected to The Bridging Clinic denial of service issue in the Soundcloud case, as it
is a CAMH department. I merely allege that clearly connected organizations are connected. CAMH is
connected to the police is I'm afraid not a stretch.
The pretext that they are helping me has worn a bit thin.
These are not helpful decisions, these are punitive actions designed to impoverish, imprison, humiliate, paternalize and
mandate homelessness upon me. [in case C - the (potential) respondent I listed ordered me to live on the street [live on
homeless level wages] and refuse all money from my mother which could potentially save me from dying, until i have
provided documentation I am living on the street [the wage provided by ODSP], at which point, they will provide a
homeless man's wage, possibly. No guarantees, likely a several month wait, with no money from family and none from
ODSP, my death by starvation in other words. Anyway I have filed the Form 1, we'll see how it goes.
Please review the LECA report,
I think it will explain a lot if you're having trouble understanding my filings.
Regards,
Brendan S. Rose
CEO - Lucifer Media Corporation
Self-Represented Applicant
HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com