
No you're not getting it,
You don't understand.
It's my MO.
If I'm doing something really bad, I make it into jokes, craziness, 
If I just tried to murder 3 people over 2 nights, when they police catch me,
I am sitting on an eye from the Baby from Naoki Urasawa's Monster,
Naked, in the lotus position, so the even is recorded as craziness,
not 21 years in prison for 3 cases of attempted murder.
It's a month in the pen at CAMH and a injection pen of abilify (I was 2 or 3 months late),
If I'm saying all the offensive slurs, then I'm making it artistic or crazy or really really funny,
so you don't register what I'm actually doing.
I can't even say it but Kingston Road was a failed operation,
I felt that world had no value, those kinds of people,
complaining neighbors trying to get people kicked out of their home (they had been for months),
we don't need people like that in this world.
Rich entitled people, complaing and complaining to hurt people, complaining to hurt people,
complaining to make people homeless, 2 years prior complaining about my dog barking to get me and my
pregnant wife kicked out of our home, we had to move, the marriage fell apart, the boy was born after she
was already gone, he's 5, I never met him.
People like that don't deserve to exist in this world,
My only regret is that I missed.
She was board of directors head,
I threw a bottle of giant baileys at her head,
I didn't know who she was,
If I had,
I wouldn't have missed,
I lacked a shot of will, and just barely missed the mark,
If i knew she was a board of directors head,
I would have held it more firmly.

The condo board sued my crazy defense,
It was a civil suit, against my Uncle the POA for my mom's fortune, with a negative result, for them.
We didn't lose any money, the sale of the condo madeup for any loss from the repairing the destruction,
for instance the swastikas all over the walls, the kill list full CEOs and politicans, the smashed and broken windows,
broken appliances, my flag, a red flag with a white circle in the center, with a smily face and an X in it's forehead,
I should get that made as a real flag.

We're not going to agree on this, you'll call me a madman at best and a terrier at worst,
I'm not going to be able to convince you that your society is fundamentally broken,
that it threw me off the side of the ship at age 16, and I have every right to be angry about that,
that freedom of speech is an ideal worth killing for, to you it's just "trash" and "who cares?",
When the founding fathers created America they certainly felt it was an ideal worth killing for,
and they were right, it is.

I'll leave you with my previous few statements if there's enough space for them all,
Your is the perspective of the slavery, you must never kill, but it's ok to steal and it's ok
to covet thy neighbors house and it's ok to take thy neighbors wife and it's ok to blaspheme my God
and it's ok to lie and it's ok to work on the sabbath, and everything bad you can do to a person is "ok",
but you MUSSSSTTT you MUUUUUSTT NEVER  never kIIIILLLLLLL neeeevvvveerr neeever kill.
It is a slaver's ideology, the one that says destroying me free speech is ok because the bovine God TOS
said it's ok. Funny, I don't even remember TOS being mentioned once in the constitution.
But it guaranteed free speech, the founding fathers would have shot you, on sight, as traitors to this country.
A 5th column of foreign traitors, imposing their TOS on America, we would close the borders and shoot you
if you came near......

TO THE DEEPDIVE (previously):

ok,
so to clarify a few things,
I know there is no Team 6 at Youtube, that's a joke, a metaphor for how they operate.
20 years on Youtube, my whole life, the story of my whole life, everything I ever was,
every memory I ever had in that hellish roach and bedbug infested rat den for 10 years,
my whole life, from 2007, all that time, all that work, all that suffering.
They were about to just burn in down, their faceless phantom algorithm,
The Eye of Sauron watching over us indifference, it's just a moderation decision to you vile people,
To me that's why whole life. I'm never gonna have a family, or a house or a life like you people,
I have that Youtube channel, or at least I did. But you just casually burn my life to the ground,
in the name of offensiveness and your Bovine God TOS. 

Yes, a little violence was due when you took that.
A little violence you got.

You think these "moderation decisions" are of no importance, I see our system of rights and freedoms, the freedom of speech, slipping away, ceaselessly steadily, day by day, in 100 years we'll still have the constitution
but it won't be in effect, and you'll lose your livelihood and die on the street if you criticize gay toothpaste.
You're going to make the world into a slave society, with no free speech, first, then all the other rights will erode
too, you will reduce this world to chattal slavery, and worse, and worse.

It is I'm afraid, worth killing over. You are an enemy as bad as any Hitler, you need to be opposed.
We cannot let the world fall into your hands, now take the following speech, remove all irony and jokes,
and see what you can glean from it. This is not a joke, this is not a game, I use jokes to shield opinions and actions
that would otherwise trigger criminal responses and enforcement. PERIOD.

"Review:
PRISON PUZZLE OF THE SPHINX at TEAM 6 YOUTUBE.mp3

It's the story of my first Youtube channel, the main motivation for the Kingston Road attack.
Ultimately I was on strike 2, with 10 things up that were about to provoke a strike (I should do a remake of this),
I deleted the channel myself, then made my peace with the world, and the attack proceeded.

My next channel got deleted over a few months of posting literally nazi garbage, they ended it on KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK - THE DEVIL HIMSELF AT THE DOOR. (tasteful use of the N-word at the end of the 20 minutes)

But anyway, this was the kind of stuff I made when I didn't care about TOS or what people think,
just wanted to say what i really thought.

I believe very strongly in free speech.
I think it's worth killing over, I've tried in the past,
You people just think, oh boohoo you were censored on social media,
but in my mind, you're an encroaching threat that needs to be met with lethal force,
although my situation is stable enough I'd consider this peacetime.
This is not just some social media thing for me,
This is an ideological war against the fascists against free speech
and the people who side with me, and yearn for freedom, which are more people than you might think.
You think nothing is worth killing for.
Used to be World War 2 was worth killing for, freeing some stupid German's on the other side of the world,
that was worth killing for.
Now our most cherished freedoms are being stripped away in the name of TOS and Diversity,
Neither are wanted, we want them both gone.
I'd be happy if they walled off the country from outside corporations and blocked entry to the outside world,
As long as our laws and system of rights remained intact, that would be preferable,
or if you'd prefer, my preference.
Your motivation for all of that, calling me that garbage since i was 16 fuckup all my relationships before they start,
fuckin 20 years later that lie bears fruit and you call the operation a success. Fuckin' die."