Re: Subject: HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I - Brendan
S. Rose – On Geoblocking
From Thesulfurgod@protonmail.com <thesulfurgod@protonmail.com>
To Stephen Cahill <stephen.cahill@soundcloud.com>, hate.crime.unit@torontopolice.on.ca,
Michele Warner <Michele.Warner@camh.ca>, Martin Rotenberg <Martin.Rotenberg@camh.ca>,
hrto.registrar@Ontario.ca <hrto.registrar@ontario.ca>
Date Thursday, August 27th, 2026 at 1:22 PM
Dear Registrar and parties,
One other quick item of note, I expressed my preference for Email Only Proceedings (which has been done before) regarding the
deadline to submit arguments for my preference in the Summary Hearing and what that preference is. The issue is this, If
potentially AI assisted email hearings are denied, and Email Only Proceedings, as a separate issue, are denied. Then I write to
express my preference for in person hearings in the actual physical courtroom, as I feel this is the option that disadvantages me
the least, out of the remaining available options.
I cannot overstate my opposition to a Zoom call, which feels lazy.
People can misrepresent their reactions more easily in Zoom call,
in person communication is tangible, physical, there is a real person there,
it is more in line with the stated goal of truly debating, with their reactions
physically visible for all to see. Every wince and nod as it were,
which you just cannot replicate in a Zoom call.
I therefore express my preference for in person hearings in the physical courtroom in person,
Should my initial two preferred options for email only hearings and / or AI assisted (should i need it) email hearings, both be
rejected, as a third option just in case.
Though I see no reason why either request would be denied, this has been granted before in similar cases and AI is already
permitted in the courtroom, so it's inclusion becomes a non-issue. Ultimately you are responsible for your submissions in a
courtroom, and if as you fear, the AI might make mistakes, damaging my case, that is my own cross to bear should I choose to
use AI for anything other than rules/strategy and cover letters, which is becoming my habit.
Oh and regarding the above email, in case I did not make myself clear,
I am describing Adverse Affect Discrimination, I do not ascribe any malice to Soundcloud,
I think they are a music corporation, that is primarily about filling the world with music
and helping artists succeed, I genuinely consider that they may not have wanted to
impose this horrible bankruptcy law on AI musicians, but that regulatory pressure
gave them no alternative. As it did when the NetzDG enforcement mechanism,
ordered them to violate my religious rights to religious expression,
my right to freedom of speech unless it is deemed unreasonable by a judge,
the right of a comedian to make a joke, protected nowhere, but still violated.
In advance of the arguments I'm making here, I will attach the song in question.
[both the original 2018 Satire and the 2026 Suno Rebirth]
27/08/2026, 13:22 Sent | thesulfurgod@protonmail.com | Proton Mail
https://mail.proton.me/u/7/all-sent/h0cEa3PYGhJKc9EOZMP0uwvkfa4eGl-7DlpMy-DjU43ubJbjyyC4UWfgBV2D0KvU9y9xnSpCW1LzXrdYpy3qKw==/… 1/10

It is not presented as a NEW EXHIBIT, but is rather just provided for additional
discussion and context while arguing matters already in the record, (like the above discussion)
in this case the song was referenced in my FORM 1.
I feel it is therefore appropriate to send it, as before,
it is not a new exhibit.
This is a song of my religion,
This is the master giving you a lesson
when he didn't even know he was the master.
It is a lecture on corporate overreach,
and governmental fascism,
From the perspective of the enemy,
I said everything I expected they might say,
in their hearts of course,
For they are clean on the outside and dirty on the inside,
"It only takes one vote and the vote will be rigged
And it's never coming back, say goodbye to free speech
Now what we have is responsible speech
You're responsible for saying what I tell you to say"
I will not dissect the whole song line by line as I might be pushing it if i did (I would prefer to, I hate that I must hold back in fear
of the word count limit, which I'm still not clear on what it actually is, I would like to write a lot more. Probably double or triple
my current output, I am concerned this would result in issues.) I will just examine this one passage and move on,
We can debate the song extensively if you wish, it is an insulting mirror to fascism.
The irony is you'd have to have fascist or authoritarian leanings to even object to this song at all,
Even if it was deadpan literal, a sane person, and most Canadian Judges would still mostly say the man should have his right to
talk.
It is a commentary on corporate culture regarding free speech.
The notion that, as was going around the phrase "responsible speech"
over the traditionally better "free speech" was being suggested
at many corporate social media giant's headquarters,
and government conferences.
It's the idea that, you say whatever you want,
but there will be consequences.
Like it or hate it, there will be consequences,
to your "speech", you may be entitled to,
but nobody is required to listen,
or to platform you,
or to treat you with respect,
and if you're a racist,
if something bad happens to you because of something you said,
well sorry buddy, speech has consequences, you're responsible for the results of what you say.
27/08/2026, 13:22 Sent | thesulfurgod@protonmail.com | Proton Mail
https://mail.proton.me/u/7/all-sent/h0cEa3PYGhJKc9EOZMP0uwvkfa4eGl-7DlpMy-DjU43ubJbjyyC4UWfgBV2D0KvU9y9xnSpCW1LzXrdYpy3qKw==/… 2/10

You're responsible for your speech.
And by extension, you should expect any number of grievous impositions as a result of it,
which I don't endorse of course, but they exist, so you must account for them....
And other such claptrap that was running around in corporate and government circles between 2012 and 2018.
The entire song is a rejection of corporate fascism.
Corporations and governments working in unison to suppress speech rights,
was my particular grievance, though there was much else to take issue with.
That you would listen to that song,
and reach the conclusions that, I, an individual satirist, with a mental illness,
am the fascist. Is an idea that could only be conceived in Germany.
Where speech like mine carries jailable terms in many cases,
simple satire, opposition to corporate fascism in provocative ways,
many perfectly reasonable things.
In Canada we have similar laws, but they are balanced because a judge must
first weigh whether the imposition is reasonable and necessary,
which in Germany, is just not done. Many innocent people are jailed.
Routinely.
So when they encountered this Insulting Mirror, my satire of people like them,
Germany apparently, or someone directed Soundcloud to delete that song,
Issue a strike on the satirist, and almost killed my account.
Soundcloud I genuinely believe sides with me in their heart of hearts,
they are musicians, they care about musicians and music, they're not the STAZI.
But they're recruited to act as government enforcers on Canadian citizens,
exercising rights you must now protect here, for us to have them.
Regards,
Brendan S. Rose
CEO - Lucifer Media Corporation
Self-Represented Applicant
HRTO FILE 2026-67265-I and HRTO FILE 2026-67461-I
437-432-9165
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com
On Thursday, August 27th, 2026 at 11:29 AM, BRENDAN S. ROSE <thesulfurgod@protonmail.com> wrote:
Dear Stefan,
The following is a quote from my Twitter.
[Registrar please add this to my filings in advance of the September 14th deadline for submissions.]
27/08/2026, 13:22 Sent | thesulfurgod@protonmail.com | Proton Mail
https://mail.proton.me/u/7/all-sent/h0cEa3PYGhJKc9EOZMP0uwvkfa4eGl-7DlpMy-DjU43ubJbjyyC4UWfgBV2D0KvU9y9xnSpCW1LzXrdYpy3qKw==/… 3/10

This is an image of me Geoblocking Britain.
The tweet itself is humorous, the situation is not particularly humorous.
Great Britain and the UK have degenerated into an Orwellian State, with the passing of the Online Safety Act,
They have adopted a policy of, an ill fated policy attempting to assert control over big platforms in other countries.
This has been largely unsuccessful, and they remain embroiled in conflict with 4CHAN, which they attempted to regulate,
which is not going particularly great.
Admittedly a small site like mine is unlikely to attract the attention of The Online Safety Act,
but I have Geoblocked Britain, as I do not feel my company is willing to tolerate the impositions
suggested by Starmer's bill. However, I will say this, if I was doing business in Britain in spite of this law, and I then ran afoul
of it, I would be in no position to then complain when those rules are enforced on me.
Essentially and obviously my argument is this,
It is my contention that your rules governing AI Demonetization (likely imposed due to regulatory pressure from
international governments and big music distributors) are in violation of Canadian Protections for the rights of
people with disabilities, the right to freedom of religion and religious expression, and the right to freedom of speech,
the right to equal treatment, all of which are guaranteed to me under The Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms, then you
should Geoblock Canada and move on with your business. The Charter, which Germany denies applies
to it's business dealings in Canada, (or likely will as we proceed) while simultaneously insisting I must follow the German
Netzdg Law,
a restrictive law designed to terrorize companies like Soundcloud into hastily taking down works of art
which are guaranteed protection under Canadian Law Governing it's citizens without bothering to seriously examine them,
as this would result in a 50 million euro fine, it's designed to bully enforcement internationally of German laws
which are frankly contemptuous towards free speech. Germany has a terrible past, it's unfortunate your nation chose to
overcorrect by leaning in the same direction. Policies heavily restricting free speech would have been favored by the nazi
party.
It is not a liberal, democratic, or free speech position. It is an authoritarian position.
Now these two systems are in conflict, and both cannot give without the other getting the win.
EITHER:
27/08/2026, 13:22 Sent | thesulfurgod@protonmail.com | Proton Mail
https://mail.proton.me/u/7/all-sent/h0cEa3PYGhJKc9EOZMP0uwvkfa4eGl-7DlpMy-DjU43ubJbjyyC4UWfgBV2D0KvU9y9xnSpCW1LzXrdYpy3qKw==/… 4/10