Hey guys,
Not too much new information here,
Just letting you know I implemented the new feature and pushed it live to the site for other people to download, I'm also adding to my big song album. On the advice of the Critique here at deepdive headquarters, I made an album of individual songs, about 55 of them, the album was very popular
on Soundcloud, applause everywhere, they really loved it (though they like my individual song albums even more, like me.) So I've added about 18 or 20 new songs to the list, as well as mixed it up and pushed them to the top of the list, curating my favorites at the top (FREE US FROM FASCISM was annoying me)
and I also pushed with the same update (or rather the curated list of 73 songs--- OOH I'm gonna post them all here next) the new pissant song, which is really good, just a great song, lovin' it.
But I'm also including photographs of the new feature, the song unlocking feature.
ChatGPT helped me design it, and it works really good, she knows my app inside and out,
And can implement almost feature i've asked, or actually all of them, she hasn't screwed up any yet.
So checkout The Secret Songs - (1 - 6).png, and you can see my interface, and stuff like that!
And it will show you how the unlock feature works. It also stays unlocked as long as you don't
uninstall it, BUT, if you uninstall it, the next time you install, you can re-input the password "pissant".
I also gave away the password to anyone who's my friend i've given access to JUDICAL REVIEW (12)
in my Protondrive Archive, a private office of files where anyone there can see my fight the case
in realtime, and also they get most of my deepdives, organized into sources and deepdives,
which is kinda fun for them i think, I can count at least 2 people who are definately there,
and 2 people who might be, and one guy who may or may not be, and OHRC, probably
withdrew from the room when they declined to join my HRTO case, BUT I can't rule out
they're still there from time to time, as I never revoked their access.....

ooh, I'm also gonna give you a screenshot of my ACCESS KEY ROOM,
accessable to anyone who is in JUDICIAL REVIEW (12), it's basically for my ultimate superfriends,
a more intimate private place to hang out and see what I'm up to,
I'm a lot more candid there, way more honest, I don't hold back much,
as I doubt anyone is gonna call the cops on me.
To be honest I've said some zingers in that regard,
some of those deepdives are RED HOT.