ok, I've added MAX AZAERLLO HEADROOM "I made no mistakes at all"

The phrasing of, "made absolutely no mistakes", "did nothing legally wrong"
is a play on the common internet meme "Hitler did nothing wrong"
In this case he talks around such things, did nothing "legally wrong" and "made no mistakes at all"
He shifts the conversation away from did or did not do something wrong, to, did i make any mistakes?
Did I violate any law in the process of doing this.... Anyway Trump was informed, he continued his dinner,
and max was swept up. There was a time when an act of self immolation was enough to move hearts and
minds and end wars and brutal oppression, but in our atavistic society, it barely received an acknowledgement,
no one noticed or cared, we just went on with our lives, maybe he was mentally ill, they were heard to remark.

So on my end,
the 2024 version i just added,
I was in a crazy state, off my meds for three months,
computer full of contraband, police had been visiting on and off for days
over my continued notice i was giving a bank employee Megan Yang at Scotiabank who had
recently shut down my account with no explanation, at first i did harass her, stupidly i did on her answering machine, 
the cops came and warned me,
so i sent again, a brief 10 message just saying i had filed at HRTO against her and they are considering the matter,
and the police came again, and warned me i would be jailed if i "harassed her" again.....
and then, I'm just imploding,
I stole a cat,
brought it home, 
locked my door with the privacy lock I had just installed,
and waited for them to come,
they came in about 7 minutes or less,
banging on the door, screaming to let them in,
I chose not to, i was hoping they would go away,
yelling at me from behind the garden,
yelling at me from all sides,
I had just made Max Azarello Headroom "I made no mistakes at all",
And they were kicking in my door,
the mess, was out of this world,
like nothing else, that mess.
Police took me to a ward, 
1 month in a stone cell, full of low functioning schizophrenics,
to mock and humiliate and bully me endlessly and forever, until
the 744 hours were up.
When I got out, my landlady had to fix the door herself,
she worked and worked, steadily ceaselessly fixing my door,
my uncle had given her 500 bucks to hire someone,
but she was a factory worker, she is 80, in her eighties,
she fixed that door.
Max and His Family (her grandchildren and her son in law and daughter)
all moved out of the house to get away from me,
they were very angry that i had not been asked to leave,
but Julia loves me like a son, and she knows that if she doesn't help me,
No one will, and I'd be on the street if she hadn't taken my call when i was looking for places,
without her i would die, when she dies, there is a reasonable possibility that i will too,
when her family moves in and kicks me out, in the snow (probably) to die,
But we'll see.
Anyway her leg was permanently busted after she fixed that door.
Even years later, it never healed,
Doctors tell her she needs surgery, 
But she doesn't trust doctors, and neither do i.
It was like when max azarello burned alive that day, it consumed my friend max, her grandson too,
and i never saw him again, i really liked that young man.
It doesn't take a lot of extrapolation to see what happened here.

I am better now,
Things are less apocalyptic today.

Although the whole town is gunning for me,
They've labeled me a degenerate, let's say,
and people have been spitting on me a lot.
menacing me with weapons, motioning to their
neck to imply I might be stabbed.
The crowd is reaching a point of hysteria,
which i keep going with my daily music performances in the streets,
It is my religion, so I will not stop preaching, as it were.......

We'll if you'd like to comment, the original is there,
as well as the 2026 robot singing suno versions,
which have earned me a lot of clicks,
I'm happy to have one of my best ever songs finally
distilled down to it's best parts, the two main songs,
the big TV's monologue and the leadup to it.....

I will note you were correct in your analysis that this
is a satire on the way corporations control REACH
to censor, rather than overtly taking away someone's
right to speak, they make them irrelevent, instead, sure.....

But there is also a strong conviction within me towards
the authoritarian instinct, it is emblematic of the worst
most orwellian regimes to have the leader up on televisions
all over the city, making his pronouncements, or in my case,
posting deepdives and blasting my music on loudspeakers
throughout the city, perhaps there would be, for instance,
barbed wire, so you cannot escape the perimeter of the city,
that is closer to the canonical interpretation than a lecture
about reach, I really do want to be on TV's all over the city
all over the world there should be a big TV with me on it man.

I have created enough propaganda, the amount is now incalculable,
there is enough for a totalitarian system