review: kiwi says haiii.png

So I've been reviewing my options, talking it over with the tree in my garden,
when the wind makes it shake it moves up and down like it's nodding,
tonight was a gentle night, what can i remember?

am i right? The tree told me no, no motion in the branches, I'm not right.
am i evil? The tree nods yes to this, yes I am evil.
what about punishment, do i need any recourse under the law? No, the tree says, you don't.
what about violence, should i do violence again? No, the tree says, you shouldn't.
what about the court system, should i be in there? Yes, tree says, you're in the right place.

I took that to mean that I was doing the right thing, that pursuing my justice in the courts
was indeed the thing to do, and any talk of violent retribution is a blind view,
based on outdated thinking from a completely different situation,
it's the exact opposite now, inaction will be my strongest friend,
Action will now yield the worst of all possible results,
I have to make my case before the courts,
I have been given a great opportunity, one I must not squander of a feckless act of protest, violence that will be put down in seconds, the patrols are everyday, they used to stay away, now they're everywhere, everyday,
this is good ultimately, in that i have heavy protection during this hearing, should it go forth,
this is bad of course if i was a monster or a fool, about to do it, the character i play on TV,
and they've been falling for it for 19 years, I joined youtube in 2007, i was almost immediately censored
but everybody saw, i picked up a massive audience in a few months, then over time, as i tackled topics
that were against the GOOGLE talking piece agenda points, making fun of Anita Sarkeesian by making the exact video she didn't want made, which she then talked about, indirectly, while everyone else insisted no one anywhere on the internet plays the game like that, who are you talking about Anita?
I was in it the whole time, but i believed the dream that i was just unpopular, and not being suppressed,
i thought, ok, i have to try harder, i have to work harder, i have to make videos everyday,
by 2018 I was just a dyed in the wool extremist ready for my first mission, ultimately family problems
made that impossible to do properly, or anything, it had to be attended to.
I would describe myself as a frontline fighter recruit, signing up for the new movement to defeat censorship and inequality, to fight the hypocrites (The German CDU/SPD Alliance Today) Today our enemies wear new masks, it is not subtle, it is overt. They are attempting to manipulate trade policy to assert uniform standards over the net, essentially locking out countries like Japan and others if they do not comply.
They are trying to enforce a totalizing system, making conservative German standards the standards for all, a system so repellent to me I would be made into a ghost just for opposing it's first agenda item on day 1, decades pass, and here it is.
My system is the opposite of this, too much freedom, people get hurt, people are upset because horrible things are happening, because we're too free, look everybody has a weapon, even me, we're too free how can we lynch anybody if they have a weapon, they'd say.
Yes it's based on the American system but it, you know what,
it just is the American system, what they're running now, that scam in the 
Supreme Court, that's not America, America is closer to my perfect system,
way too much freedom, people get hurt, absolute freedom of speech,
but people are getting hurt here's some video of people getting hurt,
too bad man free speech, and how do you know you're not worse than them,
protecting yourself but shutting me down? oh i don't get speech I'm so
violent you say, funny that, i thought you were a tinpot dictatorship,
sniffing your own farts that you're incredible. Maybe anything's justified
in tearing you down, somehow we forgot that. We let the slavers get their
laws in place, take every element of your life away take all your freedom,
but violence is always wrong. No it is not. If you believe that you naive
beyond conception.