ok, I just published Seed of Ragnarok on Soundcloud today, 6:38 PM 2026 07 01, July 1st 2026.
It's a 103 song series, i wanted to cover it thoroughly because it's a classic from THE GOLDEN AGE OF LOKI, one of the old classics, a fan favorite.... It looks like it's pretty popular, within a few minutes of promotion going live, the likes rolled in, a full page of likes in a few minutes, likely there will be a lot more.

I look at this and think, If i was doing my life again, I'd go left instead of right.
This song is so contemptuous of the right wing violent extremist.
It pains him as a loser, getting beaten up for goosestepping he's so brainwashed,
then plays his damn card, shoots some poeple, and dies by suicide by cop.

If you are on the left you'd get a charge outta that,
and I ended up choosing the right. At this point my cards are dealt,
It doesn't matter which side is stronger or would have been better for me,
I think left would have been better, but right is what i chose,
Right is where my fanbase is, if i go left, they'll look at me very funny,
and probably walk away if i keep it up. No, I have my people, they're more right
than left, at least i think they are, well, really my fans are happy with whatever
i advocate for, i find an audience for nearly every message.
Still, I just feel like the pied piper for this guy, the me I used to be when i was 16,
who would just see me as a big floating monster for the right wing,
brainwashing idiots into killing themselves for him. I wonder if he would like me.

but times have changed, now right wing politics..... bring me....... advantage.
I should go left. Soundcloud is German. I should go left.
They're more likely to help me with my particular issue.
Actually I find neither side very appealing......

In any case I went right, hard.
Golden Age of Loki gave way to Late & Jail (2021), which gave way to CAPTAIN ACAB - THE LONE OPPRESOR (2022), which gave way to VALHALLA(2022), a terrifying violent attack I launched on my neighbors in 2022. We modeled the band on MAYHEM. Since then we wandered into the JULIA REDEMPTION ARC, and now we're in the MODERN ERA.

It's like if Mayhem stepped on a rake, and the guy got away before he could kill him,
so he just remained free. Making more and more music, then gave up violence and became Christian.

Although I'm actually a Luciferian. A religion of one.

No one else can join it. But you can splinter off. It's a religion only for me.
2000 years waiting, it's not a gift to the world, it's for me alone.

I'm happy to incorporate, but people are mostly just mocking me.
You guys, without as much context, just call me me a shadow on a stone walkway.
I though it was a nice image, it echoes Neitzsche's discussion of The Buddha's Shadow,

“New struggles. -- After Buddha was dead, they still showed his shadow in a cave for centuries -- a colossal, horrible shadow. God is dead, but given the way people are, there may still be caves for millennia in which his shadow is displayed. -- And we -- we must still defeat his shadow as well!”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science: With a Prelude in Rhymes and an Appendix of Songs

I thought the simple red text was minimalistic, but you read it as amateur.
The shadow of that man, is the shadow of the man preparing for Kingston Road,
Preparing to murder. It is the shadow of a murderer. I find it dark and menacing, the
dark history of that image resonates with me strongly.

Anyway I will not be changing it anytime soon, I'll make other more
corporate logos for the plebs, this is our official logo.

So, what did you think of SEED OF RAGNAROK?
I think it's a good addition to our system.
103 tracks, a variety of genres from gangsta rap and rap and hip hop, to j-pop, to guiro,
to disco, to dominican pop, violin backing, etc etc, I think it's a good set that will bring
in a lot of interaction.

I hope one day people take me seriously as a CEO.
I have stated and will restate our purpose is not earning money,
it is in putting out and releasing as many works as we can into the market,
getting reach to as many people as we can find, and giving them a message
that is genuinely provocative, something they'll think about for the rest of their lives.
It's about the music, the games, the books, the videos, getting them out there, getting them seen,
and also secondarily, establishing a lifelong presence, so my works can be found for hundreds or
thousands of years after i die, archiving them so they can never be deleted, making them eternal,
long after i die.

See you, OUT THERE!!!!

Brendan S. Rose,
CEO - Lucifer Media Corporation