okay, I've decided to write and affidavit, affixing 6 of my most deeply held songs, for the adjudicator to use to establish creed sincerity, in the Shoppers Drug Mart and TPS Hate Crimes Unit case. In both these cases the reaction to my music, my hymns, became a big issue.
TPS once let a guy go on attempted murder against me, because the dude hated my songs, they represented it to the cops as I was a provocateur, basically I had it coming, miraculously the police bought this, "I" almost got in trouble a little bit, although that case was never mentioned, and those six songs don't really intersect with it, well some do, it might get a mention.
So these are what my songs are like, I'm sure you'll say it's all very non-austere, and it's not defferential, and it's offensive, and whatever else you can throw at it, the judge however, SHOULD be prohibited from leveling heavy handed decisions like that regarding these songs.
Under Amselem the Judge is forbidden from judging the "weirdness" or "craziness" or "religiously sanctioned backing" of a particular faith, in this case mine, my LUCIFERIANISM faith, the ideology of GOODNIGHTISM.
He can only judge whether this is a sincerely held belief, or a scam designed to confused and trick the courts, 
assuming it is not the latter, he has to grant sincerity if it has been reasonably demonstrated.
So he will not be
A) Judging how unusual or unorthodox or out there or even "creepy" my beliefs are.
B) Getting offended and dismissing the case on the grounds of my unorthodox and weird beliefs.

Basically, as weird as these songs are, I think they are mostly ok to post,
there's one there that I think really pushes the line, but it is also filled to the brim with
religious imagery and religious connotations, I arguably cannot even make my case without it.

So for good or ill,
I'll be writing this affidavit tonight,
hopefully it will get posted by the end of the night, by morn, rather....

And it should be waiting on the adjudicators desk tomorrow morning,
An ammendment to my Form 1, 5 pages of affidavit, and then the real
meat of the exchange, all the songs i just sent you.
Have a look over them, I'll write the affidavit right here into the deepdive,
we'll construct and analyse it as we go.

So! Let's Adventure!