So I'm incorporating tonight, going to try to snag "Lucifer Corporation",
the only possible stumbling block is Lucifer Morningstar, it’s possible
they'll want me to differentiate from them more, which would ruin the name!

It has to be Lucifer Corporation or I question why I’m doing this at all!!!

Today was a usual social nightmare, everywhere I walked everyone was
looking at me strangely, on my end, I was blasting my music,
TURN YOUR EYES UP TOWARDS THE KING tanked.... like into the ground horizontal
in 2.3 seconds flat. But ONLY GOD ONLY KNOWS got a good reception,
one girl really liked it, and the other was wildly complaining and grumbling
and gesticulating in annoyance.... But the other one liked it, so.....

I also played GOLD CANE on the way to the grocery store,
the black guy with his luggages seemed to like it a lot,
which made me happy. Most of the people were just in literal
shock that I was there at all, desperate and freaking out,
waiting for something to happen they could use to make the removal call,
I bought my groceries and went home, playing ONLY GOD ONLY KNOWS for
those two girls. I don’t know man, it’s just a relay race of people
who I don’t want to be around. On the way home from the medicine store
this guy was grumbling and offering irate advice about something
I don’t remember, basically a threat, without using any threatening
language, just from his posture and tone.... at that point I played
MAX, which made the rest of the trip home more tolerable.
When the music is off, people scrutinize me more, looking for any
sign of perversion, which they inevitably think they find.
Usually I’m just trying to get home with my groceries or something.
But if I play the music, the outrageous spectacle distracts them slightly,
they’re thinking more about the music than investigating the pervert,
although they’re upset either way, that particular criticism is kind of
muffled by the sound.....

So I’m just at home thinking about that Corporation,
I hope they grant it.

I think they will, but if they refuse, I could come up with something
but anything i add just detracts from it so I hope it goes through.