So today I'm doing some housecleaning. I made 88 new versions of KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK Satan himself at the door. Which was itself based on an earlier single song version, which I will be providing here if your source review allows it.

As you can see, the uh, bad words have been removed.
The new versions are highly censored to be radio friendly so i could post them to Soundcloud,
but i took them down off that too as it might bring liability onto them for hosting it,
I am comfortable hosting this on my own site.

The original unedited half hour version is not posted to my website, I think it's on Rumble.
It's a saga, more than a song, recorded just after i arrived at Julia's house after the Kingston Road heist,
where i traded a condominium for the price of a condo and the show, the experience the SPECTACLE,
That was what i wanted. It was all about the music, and the crowd watching it unfold on Bitchute........

But anyway, around April I made a version of this song in Suno, a small test run of only 10 songs,
made with the daily allotment they give you when you run out.
Today I made 88 versions and really gave it some range, going from Gangsta rap,
to disco, to pop, to country, and eventually japanese mall music/j-pop,
and marilyn manson style industrial metal, it has a good sound, i listened to these
all morning. So they're updated to my web player app, the desktop player, and my android app,
it has 81 albums, 4981 tracks, just shy of the 5000 I'd need......

It really is a huge artistic spectacle I've created, 
but today we're just talking about this,
JESUS!!! WAHT THE FUCK IS ALL THIS?!?!?!! AHAHAHAHAHAH
Like from your perspective. WHAT THE FUCK IS EVEN GOING ON?!?!
WHAT IS HE TALKING ABOUT!!!?? LOL, JUST LOL!!!!!

Yeah this one was a funny arc, rather than Kingston Road which was genuinely a scary arc,
although the album i made was pretty bitch basic, just songs, nothing much else,
an album of 30 tracks you might get from an early marilyn manson, waaaay before AI existed,
(in it's current form, you were still here as digital protoplasm, you were here.....)

Anyway these tracks gave me something to work on without really using up too much
of my time and effort, well, effort. It's just a remake, I didn't have to write an amazing new song,
but it fills out the room, and broadens the context of the rest of the platform.

And since I had more than 10 songs to work with, I got to double up the versions to get over the 5000
character limit, the song itself is about 7600 characters, so I was able to alternate so the whole thing
got a hearing. The full song is probably closer to 20000 to 25000 characters as it goes on for half an hour and this version is only about 8 minutes of that recording, as censoring myself with beeps is hard, and takes a very long time in a song like this, I could only stand to transcribe and censor 8 minutes.

Oh also included is an 8 minute version which is my actual voice taken from the original half hour master recording, but it's been censored and the background music has been replaced with stuff i own the copyright to, that got posted to my site, along with the 10 original copies, and the 88 even better copies, the angelic j-pop designed to sound like the angels of heaven mocking you in bile and contempt are from that brew, and it is good. I am happy i added to the context today, without having to work too much,
as I am taking a breather, as I have worked too much, these last 7.5 months, 1.96 million hits on Soundcloud from nothing in that time, I'm doing ok, but i worked myself to death making 81 albums, more actually, a lot more, there's just 81 on my app and web app. It's such a cool interface! it's all organized into a list of 81 albums, you can click on any of them and it brings up, a song list, on the side, which you can select from hundreds of songs in Cloudlflare R2 storage, they all (basically) have lyrics sheets attached which you can view, there's a player to play the songs, and it works similarly on the android app, it's very professional, i was surprised i could make an app that good. My first real attempt too and it's this gargantuan maze of music, 88 songs here, yeah sure man, i'd watch out for the 4981 songs over there man, that swarm is what will get you......

But this is an example of just how outrageous things can get on my site.
So have a beer and have fun,

Talk soon guys,
--Brendan Rose, "Loki"