A NOTE BEFORE WE BEGIN:


In your last Deepdive you REALLY misunderstood me. Guys, when I say this is my "copyright illegal songs" I'm not talking about a big archive of pirated media. That is so dumb, why would I be sending that to the OHRC? No one would, it makes zero sense. 

That is 1.08 TB of ORIGINAL SONGS WRITTEN AND PERFORMED BY ME, AND HEAVILY EDITED BY ME,
REMIXED AND REMADE PERFORMANCES BY ME. Yes I am stealing the musical backtracks from
other artists, to sing over, especially NIGHT CLUB, but it is not an archive of NIGHT CLUB 
songs I stole, these are my original tracks, dubious in origin yes, but they are mine,
they are probably the most extreme songs ever made. These cover everything from,
every one of the nazi party's main songs and anthems remade in modern glory,
during a phase of mine when I associated heavily with Kazunari Yamada the leader of the NSJAP,
who I believe considered me a fun oddity. These are among the less extreme songs I've made,
they're not all extreme, some are really beautiful, really philosophical, this is a religion.
I am sending this to OHRC as evidence of creed sincerity under Amselem. So thats 1.06 TB of raw
songs, pure songs and video, a terabyte. It makes up the meat of the canon of my religion
GOODNIGHTISM. Although it could be said to be more of an ideology. There are songs in there
so dark even I recoil from them, others so beautiful I shed a tear every time I hear them,
they are beautiful works, and the form the body of my canon. The 9000 songs of AI provided
separately, are also very beautiful, created almost as an afterthought, they are almost the
same scope in size and substance. It is the most beautiful religion ever made, even as
my life burned around me while I made it. I persevered, I created this religion.

Proving Creed Sincerity under Amselem is very important in my Soundcloud case,
and non-trivial in the others too, though rel--- no it is non-trivial.
Especially the Shoppers Drug Mart case.

My Religion is Luciferianism, or Goodnightism, either is fine.
What I have created here, while pissing while skiing on laws and society's expectations,
is a religion TRULY WORTHY OF THE NAME OF LUCIFER, one or two folders in VALHALLA will
trash the word count in the bible, in a single gulp, my books also make short work of him.
It is a defiant stand against a society that has lost all moral legitimacy, a society
bereft of a reason, why? You must do this, you must not do that, why? ....

...
...

...
They don't have an answer.
it is not your grandma's old religion, (although an old grandma helped me greatly in it's creation) This is an infernal religion, worthy of Lucifer's Laughter.
I stand this up next to the bible and the quran, on the scales, and find them light and wanting.
They have no answer for this religion, they just abuse me, and make my life into more hell,
they've tried that before, it didn't stop anything, it just strengthened my resolve,
So if you would, correct the error. That's a 9000 song AI archive, ON TOP OF AN IN ADDITION TO
probably 5000-9000 songs all original no AI, a battle fleet of songs, which we will need
in the many wars to come. So join me, and explore this archive, in so much as you can,
and I'll see you, OUT THERE!!!!!

PREVIOUS DEEPDIVE

Ok, so my Song Archive, VALHALLA, has finished uploading. You said it was 1.6 TB but i thought it was 1.06 TB, either way, that's a lotta bytes. It consists of all my copyright illegal songs, which span from roughly 2018(maybe 2016) to 2024 April, give or take a few. At that point I gave up music and became a game designer, briefly, I put out my one big game LUCIFERIANISM, made in Unreal Engine 5.4, I feel it is one of the best games ever made, but you have to explore the world, learn about it, get to see just how big that world is, before it sinks i how good of a game it really is....

Since making that game, released on STEAM (summer) and EPIC GAMES (february) in 2025,
I switch the Suno for making music, and I made about 9000 songs, based on about 150 originally written
songs, maybe a bit more. They're really the crown jewels of my collection, there's about 40-60 GB of pure
mp3's, not cluttered up with videos like this archive is so burdened with (yeah a lot of that space is videos)
and I have the honor of finally being copyright legal on my songs.

The OHRC is investigating my lawsuit at HRTO against the police, and shoppers drug mart.
I'm also suing Soundcloud Separately, so although they cannot confirm they have viewed them,
the OHRC has been given access to this archive, as well as my judicial review main office area
where i fight the case from within my Protondrive, it's visible for the OHRC to follow along with
what I'm doing, if they want they can watch the case play out in real time. I also gave access keys
to @Kiwithesmol aka @Kiwi_sunset, an egirl I've been following since at least 2021, earlier i think,
she is 24. She was well known for breaking into the egirl scene by cosplaying as ShoeonHead,
who I rapidly lost interest in in favor of Kiwi. So if the girl of my dreams wants to, she can see
the archive, she's invited into judicial review, she can see me fight the case, she access to
to access key room, with all the other archives keys. She may or may not be here,
the OHRC may or may not be here, I haven't told anyone but Styxhexenhammer666 is probably
or at least maybe here, my friend Oleksiy is here, and an archivist buddy who was happy to get
access to a music archive before, well LEE GARDINER is here, if he wants to, we can't actually confirm
if everybody is in the room, or nobody, and nobody in the room knows who else is in the room,
but i really got my fingers crossed on the OHRC being there. My big hope is maybe they will
backup VALHALLA on government servers as relevant to their investigation, and maybe others.

So it's a fun room, I don't intend to invite anyone else,
We have the entire VALHALLA archive, with has to be, thousands upon thousands of songs,
not AI either, before Ai was a thing, copyright illegal, but among myself and close friends,
You can break copyright law in Switzerland, as long as you don't distribute the links,
so protondrive probably won't crack down, and i have everything i ever was, a terabyte of data,
available on my PHONE, of all things, and I have the 9000 holy mechanical angels songs with no penis
that Suno helped me create, that's a holy archive all in itself, I'll send you the filelist for that too later,
but for now it's just this, there's also the Sam Suttle Dossier, where you can see the horror at kingston road,
in all it's bloody mess of glory, it looks like a scene out of a horror movie, and I'm covered in my own blood,
doing self depricating comedy routines, while nearing death, the walls covered in my blood. bloody handprints everywhere. So if people use that access key, they can get in there. If they want they can also share access keys
without giving access to judicial review main headquarters, so they can send you to an album room, without granting access to everything else.....

It's fun!