ok, please discover the themes in this music video, 
because they actually do exist! :)

Okay, this song is called
WHY IS MY BLENDER LENDING ? (funny video)
It's a direct transcript of the music video.

[sequence one]

The first sequence shows a woman walking distractedly
through traffic while everyone struggles to avoid her.
There are cars crisscrossing her on both sides.

[sequence two]

a woman complaining that the sidewalk is so uneven,
she complains about this while walking onto the road,
complaining that nobody is stopping her.

[sequence three]

"I can't believe this! This is ridiculous, why do they
always do this to me?!"

She says as she walks through traffic,

"Ach I am so done, just keep walking ignore it all!!!"

[sequence four]

"turn that garbage off!!!"

she says angrily with her hands besides her hips clenched into fists.

"chill out it's my jam!!!"

She runs off, walks through traffic to get away from it.

[this continues for several more sequences]

Then the guy is playing his music for her.
She runs off angrily into the street to get away.

"woah you don't know, I'm the king baby, ruling the solar system this is lit!!!"

he says as he flies off in his UFO carrying her around with his beam.

[same sequence again with a white guy]

"I can't believe it I didn't get to talk to the president"

Says the girl, "Hey chill you gotta hear this new track"
say the guy.

"NO" She says as she walks out into traffic to get away from it

"I've made some changes!!!" Suddenly the guy is the president in charge of a fleet of space cruisers.

[for four sequences the president is sitting in his space crusier,
looking out at the planets he's blowing up, alone. There is a picture of
his pug dog on the table, it says RIP Pluto. There are millions of dollars on the table, and a discarded old copy of THE FOUNTAINHEAD.]

[in the next sequence, he is in a futuristic graveyard being buried
by robots and machines, he is put in the ground and lowered down.]

[the next sequence is in a graveyard there is a skeleton]

It says: "i seek beyond this grave"

And it's spirit flies out side the universe, where they are then sent
back to earth as a baby.....

[And then the music video loops, starting with the woman on the road, angrily walking into traffic on the first panel.]
