HRTO File No. 2026-67265-I
HRTO Files 2026-67449-I & 2026-67461-I

So I don't really have a topic, I just thought I would write a manifesto,
and see where it goes.

I have three cases before the HRTO currently (and one dropped case[too hastily],
and one dropped in application before receiving a confirmation letter [rightfully]).
I've gotten pretty good at the HRTO system. I think I can get a case to a confirmation
letter very quickly, and I can manage it in a professional manner, very effectively.

I have Schizoeffective Manic Type Disorder, and these people have treated me like
garbage for my entire life, try to get a young woman to have sympathy on a guy
for being mentally ill. No they're rather kill us like badguys in a videogame,
They're rather put us out on the street to die a death like a concentration camp
over years of suffering, to them that's funny, to those people, what is happening
to those men is funny, hilarious, a great joke.

They should be retaliated against, I'm not going onto the street,
if they try I'll just end one of them and go to jail, at least I'd have food.
Not very good food, and I'm not exactly on the verge of it, actually the
old lady I live with, Julia, has given me a very secure home,
she's about 80, in her eighties rather, but she doesn't look to me like
she's in danger of dying. She seems healthy, so as long as that old woman
lives, I still have this good home. She is my best friend and I am her
best friend. She has proven she is willing to let, unfortunately large
numbers of people go, move out, rather than get rid of me, which is
what they're requesting.

I can't say it, I have a problem, I can't say. 
It's not something that should be said out loud, or even whispered behind
my back behind closed doors. Ok I'll say it like this,
My father molested me, it fucked me up, and now well,
everyone hates me, and wants me dead. They spit on me
in the street, they threaten me, and abuse me an humiliate me,
and of course I never get to have a woman, or a life,
I had a wife, she just cheated on me non-stop, then ran
off pregnant with my son, he's turning 5 in October,
and I've never met him. I don't really care about what
my father did, I'm not angry at him, particularly,
it's what you did to me, what society did in response
to that abuse. I've been starved of love since i....
For my whole life. The love that might have helped
me to become normal and fit into society, that precisely
is what was denied. So now I'm stuck with this.

Basically most of these guys could go on to live normal lives
if you just treated them with love and compassion,
if they had the love of a woman, early on, when they're 16,
instead that's when you start depriving them,
when they need it most. Most of them could be normal,
if you loved them, most of them would be fine,
the sexual abuse is not important usually,
it's how you treat them after that turns them into monsters.

I'm not a danger to kids, actually I'm extremely uncomfortable
around them and when they're around I am just visibly desperate
to get away from them, to escape. However most people don't make
the distinction, if they do they don't care either way,
they just want me removed, and for most of my life that's what they've done,
I usually couldn't stay in a place for longer than 3 months before
people would start trying to expel me from my home, applying pressure
to the landlords, doing anything they could think of to make me homeless,
or really just to move along to the next place, and then they'd do it
in the next place, and the next, and the next, the only place i stayed
for a long time was Wilson Park Road when I was in my 20's,
where I got my first taste of how people were gonna be treating me,
the kids who lived here would bully me with sound torture,
for no reason, i didn't do anything wrong, but they slapped
a label on me and put me on sale on the shelf.
At first they were knocking on my door, knock knock knock,
all day long, LITERALLY all day long until I was screaming
at them to stop, they laughed and continued, this went on
for about a year, no wait, that was after,
First they used the door buzzer, this shrieking nightmare of a sound,
it's designed to be pressed for 1 second, but they could hold
it down all day long. They would press it, hold it down,
keep it like that for 5 minutes without taking a break,
then do it again, and again, and again, and again,
eventually they found out how to just hold it down
all day long, all day everyday, I should have called the police.
(but they would have done nothing), after a year or two of this,
my father eventually showed up and ripped the door buzzer out of the wall.
Then they started knocking, and they did it nonstop, all day every day,
for years, while I screamed and begged for them to stop.

I was totally innocent by the way, I didn't have anything bad
on my computer, I certainly hadn't committed crimes,
I guess I was a MAP, the totally non-offending type,
as if anyone cared.

They would blast their music from 6PM to 6AM, screeching 
Guantanamo bay style music, incomprehensibly loud music,
moronic Romanian music, when I was trying to sleep,
while I put myself through college.

Somehow I put myself through college with this going on,
I got all A's and A+'s, with I think the only B was
in English, I studied game programming. It seemed like
a Good Job for me, because I could do it from home
without being out in the world, for everyone to gawk at.
I was trying to stay at home, work from home,
And I was a very good game designer, top of my class.
Because of who I am those dreams evaporated quickly.
I think I got one interview at Larian Studios or
whoever makes Baldur's Gate, as usual they could
sense it just from questioning me. She liked my resume,
as I had all the skills required for a top level game design job.
She said "we're trying to move past that" and denied me the job,
then they made their gay videogame about having sex with bears
and trans peanut butter storyline. They ruined that franchise by the way.

I'm a very talented musician, prolific, though bogged down
by the mediums i need to work in. For a decade i stole
copyrighted tracks to make my music. So I would sing over
them, remix them and edit them, under the Canadian Copyright
Modernization Act of 2012 I'm a allowed to do this, and sell them,
but foreign corporations completely ignore and override our laws.

HRTO File No. 2026-67265-I is about this.

I'm trying to get Soundcloud to acknowledge Canadian Human Rights Protections
and demanding my pay, $6000, for the 1.7 million hits I earned on my account,
I use AI as a disability prosthetic, obviously no one wants to work with me,
partly just because I'm insane, I can't even get past the first call or email
if i try to join a band, they sniff me out in a second and the answer is always no.
So to get over my disability, I use Suno to make my music. I write the lyrics,
sometimes I sing or perform the whole song (with or without AI) which I then
feed into the generator as an audio source, and they sorta sing the song the same
as me, my recent song ONLY GOD ONLY KNOWS, is a good example, the audio source
ensured that the AI would sing in the same super fast Eminem style that I sang it in
when I wrote it, and it did sound as good as Eminem. Anyway, turns out my songs
were really popular, I built a pretty big fanbase, and I got 1.78 million streams
on my songs. For a neurotypical artist, that amounts to about $6000 USD,
more money than I've ever seen even once in my entire, enough money to change
my life, in 10 years i could have a home. So that's shit on. Thanks to
Anti-Crusaders who I think we should kill, I get 35 cents for that.
Throw them into fire, shoot them on the street and then stab them
with knives to make sure they're dead, blend them in a blender,
burn them until they're ashes and slime, then bury them under
cement and salt the earth, these fuckin' people.
Yeah that's my only lifeline, that was my last chance to make a living
I will ever get. All to protect "Human Artists". They should be shot,
set on fire, they should die, for what they did. No I don't care about
protecting their bottom line, human artists are garbage and they 
deserve to die. We could have all had a living, you could have yours
and i could have mine, but instead you take everything from me,
like you did with my wife and son, you take everything from me,
including the sweat of my brow. I actually think all workers
should be made to work for free, they should enjoy slavery,
like they did to me. You should point a gun at them,
make them work, and shoot them if they say no.
Think of the savings, economically this is genius.
And they're not real people anyway, they're monsters,
so you shoot them, good. I don't care why you think
you should be paid for your work, I just note that
you decided I shouldn't, so my position is neither should you,
any of you. You should all have guns pointed at you and work for free.
The same wage you offered me.

So I'm arguing adverse effect discrimination against Soundcloud,
basically the blanket Anti-AI policy is like a No Wheelchair rule,
my position is they did this accidentally when implementing their blanket rule,
inadvertently cutoff the income for all disabled people like me.
Actually I think they knew exactly what they were doing, but I can't prove intent.
I'm also arguing those songs are my religious expression, protected under Canadian law,
they are.

The only issue is Jurisdiction. The court must be willing to go to
Germany, Karl Marx Street, and try to enforce our laws there,
or rather, I'm arguing that they are operating in Canada,
the discrimination happened in Canada, the contracts signed in Canada,
The trauma, the religious agony, the demonetization all happened
to me here in Canada, so even though they're a German Corporation,
everything happened in Canada, they're in our country making money
from our citizens (like me - i brought them in money) basically
I'm an unofficial unpaid employee of Soundcloud. Jurisdiction is a hard ask,
their only NOID against me was related to Jurisdiction, which I wrote
primarily about my case according to Amselem v. Syndicat Northcrest,
and only devoted 1 paragraph (1 well written paragraph) to Jurisdiction,
which was solid, but maybe i should have written more on the topic,
there wasn't much more to say, either they grant it or they don't.
If they dismiss on Jurisdiction, then it's over, if they Grant Jurisdiction,
I might actually win, or at least get something in arbitration,
My main goal is to get far enough in the process to get my name
in the press globally, which means service against Soundcloud,
or any of the others, though Soundcloud is the real tamale.

I was never a stupid man.
I was never lacking talent, skill, hard work.
my life has always been destroyed for a reason I can't control or change.
For most people that's all that matters,
and my achievements are invalided by default, I'm a pervert.

I'm currently drinking myself to death, I just started,
I have diabetes, I'm too scared to kill myself,
and I don't want to go to jail for killing someone,
though that may change.

Julia has given me a good home.
She refuses to kick me out, no matter how much pressure is applied from outside.
No matter how many "friends" leave the house in protest.
Her family gave her an ultimatum, either I go or they go,
She let them go.
They don't talk to her much anymore, she picked me over them.
She knows that if she kicks me out, I'm more likely to end up on the street,
than find one other kind person in this entire city, far more likely
I'd find only people who see me in one particular way, say no to the pervert,
and i'd die on the street.
She wasn't willing to do that to me,
So her family is gone now, her granddaughter and grandson, and her daughter, and son-in law,
all gone.
My family is gone too.
We're all each other has really.
Although the other residents of the house like her,
Most of them consider living with me there to be intolerable,
as do our neighbors and the people in the surrounding areas,
I'm hated by everyone, and she is under constant pressure to get rid of me,
which she absolutely refuses to do. Recently 2 tenants moved out because
they didn't want to live in the same house as me. She seemed genuinely sad about that,
as i thought they were my friends, i was briefly too.
She has kicked people out of the house who have made it their mission to get me
removed or bullied out.
The hysteria has resulted in people breaking into my house,
taking pictures inside, and threatening me, trying to come get me,
or the same guy chased me through the streets yelling my name,
he was always hanging out in front of the house,
he stole my Amazon Package,
the guy across the street even hired this retard to
clean his porch for him, along with his garbage bag of belongings,
in order that I couldn't leave my home without him waiting there for me.
These people are insane.

So lately they've been spitting on me,
happened 5 times in 2 weeks, recently.
I bought a beautiful blue suit,
for court, which i will never be able to wear outside,
because they'll just spit on me,
I dress in rags, torn up old t-shirts, filthy clothes.
I can't afford to do the laundry or afford bug bomb.
The amount of roaches is crazy.
Though it's nothing like Wilson Park Road,
with it's oceans of roaches, rats, and bedbugs,
to which they were impervious to exterminators,
didn't make a dent in them, hiring an exterminator
didn't even provide a day's respite from the Roaches,
and the bedbugs ate me endlessly.

When I got out of that place,
I was with my mother,
who had alzheimers.
i should have inherited our huge home,
instead it was sold by the POA (rather than putting her in a home),
as if I could just get another one with my earnings.
She should have gone into a home.
I've stopped visiting her.
I will never visit her again.
When she finally dies it will be WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY too late.
I needed her dead a decade ago. likely I will be 50 before I inherit,
the pennies remaining when the useless eater is done feasting.

I guess I'm not coming off very sympathetic.
Not really the point here,
I'm just telling you what my life is,
If you have sympathy, fine.

There was a time I loved my mother.
That's over.
My whole life was ruined because that POA chose an expensive dementia care
home instead of Long Term Care. Oh she would have been inconvenienced
in long term care? Wouldn't have been pleasant for her.

She ate my family.

I would have a good family if i owned that home.

I would have had a better wife, less likely to cheat,
I would have been able to provide for them,
they wouldn't have left.

Even the shit family I got,
She wouldn't have left,
she left over money, and probably shame from all that cheating,
I think eventually she just couldn't look me in the eye anymore,
I knew. She knew I knew. I don't she could stand me looking at her like that anymore.

But if all the money wasn't fed to this fool,
Just to avoid Long Term Care which is where she belongs.....

Then I would have had a life.
She chose SAM the POA, 
who doles out money like a greedy miser,
has never provided enough for a life,
always planning for a future that won't exist,
I'll be dead or in jail,
there is no future.

Could have been,
If he just gave a bit more money,
enough to live comfortably,
but he saves it all,
to feed it to the beast,
that useless thing.

So she chose to ruin me,
kill my family,
eat my children,
eat her grandchildren,
that's not a metaphor or an exaggeration,
she did.
She chose that over,
in her 80's, living a little less luxuriously.

Then they act like it's possible for me to get a job
and earn a living, when you know that's impossible.
But they'll call me lazy, bad at budgeting,
whatever,
anything to avoid responsibility for what they did to me,
what she did to her son.

My father made his mistake,
I forgive him, I don't care.

What this useless eater did,
I will never forgive.

Whether I'm alive or not,
she dies alone.

No visits, I regret the year of visiting her now.
She dies alone.

The other cases.....
HRTO Files 2026-67449-I & 2026-67461-I

Have to do with the TPS (Toronto Police Services Hate Crimes Unit) and
Shoppers Drug Mart, and CAMH (Center for Addiction and mental health)

with these i have clear jurisdiction, but they're harder cases.....

in any of these cases I'd be up against massive law firms,
nasty ones, big ones. HRTO has mandatory mediation,
which I'm glad for. But I think I would skip mediation
or go to it, and ultimately say no after meeting with the lawyers
i'd be facing off against....

I think, getting my story, my cases in the press,
is more valuable to me that whatever piss money they would offer,
I'd never be able to stick to an NDA anyway.
I think I would refuse mediation in 100% of these cases.

CAMH if they're approved as a respondent (Judge is deliberating on it)
would give me a chance to litigate all the human rights abuses I've
suffered in the CAMH system though I'd have to restrict myself
to only events in the last year, even then, there's plenty.

That system is just monstrous,
taking people who are genuinely in distress,
and their solution is to lock you in a stone cell full of dangerous lunatics,
for 744 hours (or a 72 hour hold as they call it)
I've seen people getting of their brain cut out, because the meds aren't working.
The patients at these prisons, single me out in a second,
for my unstated characteristics sure, but also because I'm very high functioning 
compared to most, they correctly identify me as different from them (smarter than them)
and they bully me relentless, pounding on my door,
for the whole month. A month in a stone cell with nothing much to do,
Just what a distressed person needs, imprisonment in a jailcell for a month,
they should replace them with hospitals.

So if they approve CAMH as a respondent, I get to argue that,
and other things. There have been some grossly unethical decisions by my doctor in the past year
that I want to litigate.

I like the HRTO, it's actually kind of place i can thrive,
Email only communications, I've asked for Email only Hearings and Proceedings,
which is usually granted on disability accommodation grounds.

The TPS Hate Crimes Unit case is pretty simple.

I called up, to report a hate crime against me, the spitting incidents,
targeting my mental illness, a supposedly protected characteristic.

I called the Hate Crimes Unit, they picked up in 1 second,
and within 20 seconds he was already getting ready to kick me out
for being white and mentally ill (I don't think we even got as far as mentally ill in the conversation). I was not the racial and sexual demographic they take calls from.

The transferred me away, to 51 division (the wrong division)
who then transferred me to 14 division, who then offered me free food for retarded people,
and directed me to a shelter, because they assumed, without any cause whatsoever,
that i was a "retard in distress" and therefore instead of the criminal justice system,
filing a report, I should be transferred to free food for retards.

I'm sueing them.

For denying me a service on the grounds of my white race,
and mentally ill diagnosis. (an offense under HRTO)

It's going ok,
It hasn't been updated much in forever,
but I'm trying to consolidate it with the Shoppers Drug Mart Case,
which I am unfortunately updating constantly, despite not wanting to.

Soundcloud case is frozen, I made too many arguments too fast,
he froze it, they send a NOID (Notice of Intent to Dismiss)
asking about Jurisdiction. I think they expected something
stupid and easy to dismiss, instead they got 
WRITTEN SUBMISSIONS OF THE APPLICANT (included here),
within 6 hours (they gave me a month to write it),
I think that surprised them. I made my case very well.
But that case is frozen while they consider my arguments,
I expect they will approve it for service and unfreeze,
but it depends on their willingness to go to Germany,
they CAN, but they won't WANT TO, though they've done it
many times in other cases. If I get service in that I think
I win that Adverse Effect Discrimination case,
Jurisdiction, and therefore Service, is the hardest part
of that case in my opinion, second only to if they approve service,
the nonsense that lawfirm is sure to put me through while i try
to get it to a hearing. It's not THAT bad, they force the corporations
to WEAR BIG NERF OUTFITS, at HRTO, to even it out, they can't go all out on me,
the Judge would punish them if they tried to bury me in paper,
their filings will be proportionate, fair, possible to respond to by a single guy.

[Cracked open another beer]

TPS also contains an email chain where I talk about the horrible 
things they've done to me and my family and my loved ones.
She left over money, she also left because she was smashing stuff,
breaking stuff, I called the cops thinking they would warn her
not to smash stuff when having a pregnant tantrum, instead their
automatic robot commands kicked in, and even though we weren't
a threat to each other, they put her in jail, pregnant no less,
put a gag order on her, so she couldn't talk to me,
and then filed charges while i begged them not to, crying and crying
in hysterics begging them not to charge her.
They let her believe I had filed the charges myself, and it was me who wouldn't drop them.
He mom begged me to drop the charges (She's Taiwanese), I tried to explain that I didn't
put the charges on her, and I couldn't drop them, but she didn't understand,
she thought i was refusing to drop them.
They maintained those charges for 6 months, maybe longer,
She was gone after that, never saw her again.

What i said in my email was TPS tore up my family like a fuckin' tissue.

So that's in my application, that email.

There's also, THE FIRST AMMENDMENT, (included)
where I outline my racial grievances against TPS,
and our government systems in general,
I'll include it here.

The Shoppers Case is kind complicated. I'm tired,
I just wrote 22,058 characters.

Basically I'm just arguing that Shoppers is so corrupted by CAMH and my doctor
that essentially serve as Deputized Informants for My Doctor Martin,
For instance out of fear my doctor would fuck up my HRTO cases,
I cancelled our meetings, and told my pharmacist I was going to go to the bridging clinic
to get my medicine. I have capacity, there's no CTO, I can reject those meetings,
I'm allowed to.
But Martin got a call from a snitch, and when I got to the bridging clinic to get my medicine,
he had already called head, to block me from getting the medicine there.
He also called all the walk in clinics I used previously, and they all directed me to the tower.

What happened was a week, without my medicine, where they tried to extort compliance
by holding the medicine hostage. To overrule my right to make my own decisions under the law,
by denying me medication i needed, unless i give up that right I'm supposed to have.

That's one example of shoppers being a snitch,
They send daily reports to Martin,
Because of the people spitting on me,
and the lawsuits proceeding against shoppers,
and the potential for violence to happen to me, which is still a real possibility,
I tried to reduce the number of visits to Shoppers, as they were
resulting in me getting spit on.
They agreed to medicine delivery, then said wait a day,
then said wait a week,
Then said talk to Martin about it at the meeting.

They have constantly attempted to rope me into off the record, unofficial meetings
which will result in my case being dropped if i engage in them too much.
The meeting with Martin is another one, I'm not allowed to talk about that with him,
as it's case related now. I emailed asking them to approve the medicine delivery,
They of course will not even acknowledge the request.

So they did that.... not good......

Then they also blocked me from using their FAX machine to service Martin notice at HRTO,
they had let me use it in the past, it was a service they offered,
But when I mentioned HRTO, suddenly they block HRTO complaints now.

Well guess what, that's a nono under HRTO,
Refusing me a service because I mentioned an HRTO application,
yeah that's prohibited.

I also separately asked for a bunch of damages because they shared those retarded
rumors about me way too much, and when people were pouring into the store to try to
get me kicked out for listening to my music on the street in the day,
basically trying to make me into an unmedicated Schizo, I get violent when I'm off my meds,
I might kill someone.

None of those people were banned, warned, asked to leave, given a first strike,
nothing, they treated these insane complaints as totally valid, and acted like
it's me acting out, but they can't do anything about it.
There was also this guy Tony who would just walk around in the store,
Shouting at me that I'm a pedophile, or talking about it loudly to other customers,
he had spread those rumors high and low almost as soon as i moved it,
he told everyone he could possibly come up with, he got little kids shouting that word at me,
until their teacher ran up and very worriedly told them to stop. Which they at least did.

Yeah that guy is still allowed in the store.

They got no problem with him shouting at me when i'm trying to buy my groceries,
I put those incidents on them, in part, I considered them partly responsible,
as they did nothing to stop any of it, and instead warned me about my songs.

But primarily my case is about the CAMH related stuff,
the case could be tightened, some of those events played out in the SOUNDCLOUD CASE
actually, right at the outset of the case, the medicine being held hostage,
that actually might not have got much of a mention in my application now that i think about it.

Anyway,

You can see,
talking about this helps me.

If I'm talking about my life,
my problems,
I'm thinking about killing someone.

But if talk about these cases, then I just geek out,
I geek out on the law.

My hope is, they approve service in all three cases,
and approve the consolidation, and approve CAMH as a respondent,
I think they probably will.

They've been deliberating on Soundcloud for about 4 weeks,
and the others for about 3 weeks,
it could just be administrative delays,
but I think that's a lot for just administrative delays,
I think if they were going to abruptly drop my case
under Rule 23 (for insanity or something) they would have done it already,
it's tentative, but I think they're giving my cases some serious thought,
If another month passes, that becomes certain not suspected.
If we get to month 3, I expect to win. Month 4, if i get there, I've won.

But if the court is really hostile to me,
they'll drop them all one by one, a few weeks apart,
on whatever nonsense, and we'll go to Judicial Review.
(Freezing the case could be questionable, frankly, if they ultimately decide against me)

But we'll see......

So,
Yeah.....

You can talk about it now.
If you want to.