then i just thought, why not balance it with the other things that are going on in my life right now,
not a bunch of stuff from Abilify - (The Kingston Affair), an old deepdive based song i made a long time ago. What's interesting to me is what happened to the guy who wrote that text.
He wouldn't know anything about 5000 songs or a website or web app or android app,
He knows Soundcloud, but he'd shit blood if you told him he was getting 2 million hits in 7 months
on that site.

No you know what that was?
I was sitting on the balcony, thinking about killing someone with that Baileys bottle,
Then I do my bet with God, it'll either be an old lady, or Thomas the Super,
And God sent the old lady, and I'm like..... alright

It put me over the top,
it wasn't the motivation,
it was the last thing I was thinking about before I tried

But anyway, I'm not thinking about Kingston Road all day anymore,
And I'm not even concerned with Abilify - (The Kingston Affair)
or any of my "plans" I had in the works up to and during that point.

Only thing I'm thinking about right now is my success.
1,957,580 plays in the last 12 months (+100%)
Up 100% doesn't mean I doubled by the way, it means I sprung up from zero over the previous year
where I wasn't even making songs on the platform. 2 million outta nothing.
Madness.

And my website, despite not getting anywhere near those views, 
is so intricate and complicated I think it's the bigger achievement.
A website, with like 25 pages, a lot of it is visual novel style content,
but there's all kinds of stuff there, rooms with 6 full length books just
pasted in as text one after another. But the index page, the frontpage,
Has the desktop music player, which is just spectacular.
81 albums 4980 songs total, all navigable from a tab where you select
from a list of albums, then it opens up into a list of clickable songs
which you can play. There's also an android app, which works like a mini Soundcloud
app for just my own music, fans can download that apk from the site,
All kinds of cool stuff.... You see? I'm eating well, lots of nice food and drinks,
lots of coffee, lots of weed, today i have a nice 1 gram vape, the skies are
burning over ontario, a red fog has rolled in and it's choking the city
in red smog that kills on contact (that's mostly true).
Yeah, basically I've got enough going on and a stable enough home that,
Well I have all this stuff going on. Why in blue hell would i kill somebody?
So I guess that proves it was environmental, all the tragedy and problems
in my life caused a deep despair that resulted in this man making
such a violent trouble for everyone involved intentionally or unintentionally
in the situation. One desperate guy can create a pretty big spectacle if he tries,
but I've lived with Julia for 3 years as her tenant, and i feel loved and happy
and safe. I got a good safe home, I got all this interesting stuff going for
me online, the website, the desktop player/web app, the android app,
I recently incorporated. so it's like, there is zero chance of me going feral
again, and lashing out in violence. It was 100% situational, 100% environmental,
a matter of neglect, and abandonment.