There, I managed to get my TO001E Accommodation requests down to a few short lines,
and look, they're not crazy or out there at all. In a different context you were telling me
these things would be seen as an outrage, asking the right to be called a supervillain (I just put
infinity symbol next to my legal name is about the extent of it):

"Due to extreme social anxiety based on my diagnosed condition of Schizo effective Disorder Manic Type,
I am better able to perform in email only proceedings, I would prefer this not be put to a vote, but you can if needed. I require email only hearings, proceedings etc, i also request the use of religious devotionals (songs) to be at times included in my submissions, as well as the use of text to speech software, so i can offer .mp3 speech versions of certain emails and documents. At all times the original unaltered text will also be presented, these mp3's are optional, for people who prefer them (me). If any or all of this needs working or changes, just send it back and I'll make another version. Thank you. [Documentation of my condition can be provided on request.]"

I think any judge would look at that and say, SURE! That's not a huge ask.
But if you phrase it like, he wants his supervillain anime girl persona 
ISN'T THIS EXACTLY WHAT THE COURTS ARE DESIGNED TO THROW OUT
IT'S AN OFFENSE TO THE COURTROOM, but no, these are pretty reasonable asks,
the form even has a box for written only hearings, it's common.

I almost didn't send you this form, is the silly part, even dumber!
I DID send that supervillain claptrap to the new judge,
I had forgotten to remove the attachment from my last form when i filled this out,
I had to send another version, a SANE VERSION, with that removed,
immediately after sending judge the gibberish we've been hotly debating
that goes away when you stop talking about it.
Anyway my majority, the lions share of my accommodations requests
is summed up in this little document, that paragraph i just quoted above,
that's like 3 really crazy sounding accommodations requests, maybe four
all put together in one big request, then i removed the crazy,
and the request it turns out is valid. :) go figure.....