I decided to compile most of my filings into a single book,
That way you can digest it all at once, 
Instead of trying to parse 128 files like some of the other times,
I think this is the best move.

So the state of the case is going, ok. They've been deliberating on
Soundcloud Jurisdiction for almost 2 weeks, and the other two
are stalled just before service, and i've been polishing them off a bit,
I just withdrew that crazy form 16 request for 500 dollars and 
the opposition to put a stay on wellness checks, but as i am stable now
and the cops came and took my report, i don't think that's needed now.
They didn't bust me for nothin', I told them the score, I don't think they're going to act those,
Spitting on me has no legal consequence it appears, as I told the officer
they can just cheese that attack, spit spit spit spit, endlessly, for my entire life,
and no one will ever get punished, unless i fight back, then i will.
It's an absurdly abusive system, that allows spitting and doesn't consider it
a form of violence. But if a black man or a muslim gets spit on by a white
Canadian, that guy is up on hate crimes charges, even if he didn't even spit first,
so assuming i can get past dumb behavior in court like that form 16 interim remedy,
I think i do have a case here on my core issue, outlined the First Ammendmen to my
Form 1. They'd just have to open their eyes and see it.

On shoppers, I think the nexus with CAMH is pretty obvious, in my opinion they
are so entangled they just block requests to service human rights notices for him,
they bounce those for Martin. If we can get martin as a respondant then my stone cell
argument gets a lot stronger as i can argue with a representative of the system that controls it,
there are so many human rights abuses in those prisons, it's absurd. But I have to get him
through Shoppers (who are being very good about addressing my safety concerns right now)
and the Police (who came and took my report, and chose not to act) So getting to him is VERY HARD,
and blocks service like a bro. So I need the judge to add him as a respondent, dispensing with service,
Generally for that you need to prove you did everything you could reasonably do to service notice through
normal means, and I feel I have, so i hope he grants it, those doctors are like sacred cows to these guys,
serving them notice just isn't done, I hope that changes.

So that's a quick report on the cases.
It looks like no charges will proceed on Dexter in the park,
the officers gave their badge numbers but there's no incident report unless they choose to act,
which it looks like they won't.
My rocktoll multitool i had in my pocket at the park doesn't appear to be an issue,
though he pointed it out by talking about my Judge Dredd comics, the knife was right there, I didn't see it,
so I just talked about Dredd. He asked who my favorite writer was, I said John Wanger, he smiled at that, I told him Wagner has the story written for another 30 years after his death. He nodded along.
He asked in implication a few times about my secrets, in implication I explained to him that there wasn't
much to find there. I have nothing bad on my computer, if you searched my search history or IP records you wouldn't find anything really. He asked in implication if they searched my Internet provider, would they find anything, I told him in implication not really, not much. It was mostly true, I'm pretty clean, nobody's gonna pull on that. If I had a bunch of junk on my machine I'd be too scared to call the cops for any reason, I don't, I'm at HRTO pushing some serious cases, so I'm basically as squeaky clean as it gets in this town, which is admittedly a low bar, everyone does that crap, can't throw a stone without hearing the word "chicken" emit from it.
But anyway that was our talk, he wandered home, he didn't charge me, he didn't charge dexter,
he didn't charge the pizza hut guy, all he had was a description of the bike spitter.

I'm less afraid now that I'm gonna die, I'm far more concerned that I'm gonna be
spit on for the rest of my life, for playing my music, and for living at all in their rich person's neighborhood.
They're trying to make my life a living hell, in the hopes i go Columbine, and they can get rid of me,
I think this is pretty unlikely, but...... it does mean that i wanna live my life i'm gonna be spit on over and over again.
And no cop's gonna protect me.