I'd like you to tell me what you think of my books....
I'm not going to write anymore, or at least very few, because I have been banned worldwide
from publishing books, my books were taken off Amazon and Barnes and Noble,
primarily because I wanted to write books under the pen name Jesus Christ for religious reasons,
which Amazon determined (somehow) that I am not (with their theological expertise and authority presumably) and therefore it was impersonation, (and not religious expression). I sued them at HRTO
over the ban and the burning of my books (about 30 - 60 of them in total, the final number is unknown)
but in the first case I was having a severe mental breakdown off my meds and got put in a ward
right in the middle of the case, i tried again in November 2025, but, I was too inexperienced
and well, stupid, i ended up withdrawing the case after, 2 months, which the Adjudicator accepted gleefully.
As being Jesus Christ is apparently off the table, my religion has converted into Luciferianism,
We worship Lucifer now. I still believe I am the Christ, but the world just beats me into submission
whenever i try to articulate it or publish works under that name. Basically their position is
Jesus Christ will return one day in the flesh, as a man, and we will ruin him. Label him a fraud,
and destroy his life when he does. Although they might not phrase it like that.
Ultimately they get the Christ they deserve, there won't be another one provided.
Wait 10,000 years, wait a million, you're not going to get a better one, or any at all.
You get the Christ you deserve, and ultimately, the Hell you deserve.

So sorry to be so, down,
on such distracting topics,
when the purpose of this deepdive has nothing to do with Christ.
I just want to you review my books,
the books I made before I was banned from ever writing another.

I think I was very talented,
the world lost a really powerful voice just there....... (in 2024 April)

It's ok, my theology is mostly based on songs,
which are far less tightly policed.
I'll get by. The books are collected on my website.
It appear to have broke your system,
and the Theology room appears to you to be 
one brief theological statement,
instead of 2000 pages of endless religious text.
but the books i used are all here,
If any appear to be missing from the Theology room,
that's why, just check, cross reference the missing books
with the unassigned books you'll find therefore in the sources list,
it should be ok.

I don't think I have any magic powers,
if that's what you're worried about.

I don't think Jesus had any magic powers either, 
(loves and fishes was a lie or a metaphor)
I think he was just a man, like me.
No more or less divine than me,
according to my reading of the bible that's what he was.
And like Jesus faced persecution for daring to challenge orthodoxy by claiming "I am the son of God"
Heretical at the time.
I have faced persecution for claiming to be the returned Christ,
which I am, it never required any magic powers, he was just waiting for someone worthy of the name.
Which I feel I am,
But as the world will ruin me right down to the bone,
They get the Christ they deserve,
The Christ of Luciferianism,
They get the forgiveness they deserve too,
And the salvation they deserve,
None.

They burn.
All of them.
Not one of them is good,
Not even one.

Well.... maybe Julia.