here,
I made this in Suno, I wrote the lyrics, I think I sung the song too and then used it as an audio source,
In fact, yes i did an audio source for this one, so it matches my singing.
I'm mentally ill, this is the only way I can make music.
Is this all invalidated because of that?
Is this not a real song?
I listen to this and I cry because it's so meaningful to me, it reminds me of what they did to me.
Do i need contempt piled on me, telling me it's not real because of the tool I used to make it?
I can't work with a band, I'd fight with them, they just block me on the first email or the first phonecall anyway, nobody will work with me.
It really hurts when you argue this music doesn't count. I have 100 other originally written songs i made into music.
It is a disability prosthetic.
I cannot make music without this.
I feel that music is really meaningful, i think it has power,
but whenever Suno is mentioned at least one of you chimes in to say I'm not an artist.
And you don't give me an alternative title that's any good.
I guess I'm just nothing.
I wish you'd reconsider that position.
I wish the AI hating people who are desperate to invalidate me would stop for a second and realize they're just beating up a mentally ill guy, taking the thing that matters most to me, all I got left,
and then you'll debate whether it counts, whether I'm a real artist, whatever.
This music is all I have.
You have taken everything else from me.
My wife, my son, you took those, some neurotypical person just takes that from me like it's a joke.
My life has been nothing but suffering.
The music is all I got,
I got nothin' else,
And you wanna take this too,
Would you like a suicide with that? You'll probably get one,
maybe a murder, who knows?
You want to take my last shred of sanity, dump on this song,
and all the others.......

See I thought, that was written really well.
I thought that was a good song.
The audio source helped a lot,
i thought, that was really something great.

Hey it's men's mental health month,
Time to dunk on them,
Make fun of them,
and mock their suicides.

I pray my son ends up just like me,
maybe then she'll regret it,
and regret sending that message to him.

Don't be mentally ill (I hope he is)
Or else your wife will just leave you
and you'll never meet your child,
so make sure not to (he is)........ doh......

I wrote this song after a man tried to spit on me,
over 2 weeks, it happened about 5 times, about 3 times
it landed on me.

Now you're going to tell me this song doesn't count, 
not real music, who cares how much heart went into it?
It's a function of a neurotypical mind, that's the requirement for being an artist.
1.7 million hits on Soundcloud, should have been 6000 dollars,
instead i get 35 cents because of these Anti AI Crusaders,
I wish I could cut off their head, I never saw that money,
once in my life, I have never 6000 dollars even once,
and I finally earn it, and you do your little debate,
is this real music, is this a real artist, nonononoonono
and you take away my payday,
specifically because I'm disabled and can make music no other way,
music that saved my life, or it had been,
You'll use that against me to take my earnings, which i worked so hard for.
Curse you.