[2]2 messages in conversationRe: Subject: 2026-68857-I and 2026-67461-I and 2026-68924-I - Brendan S. Rose - Conversation with Eman, Shoppers Drug Mart, Regarding Telling the Truth in Court

From
Stored with zero-access encryption
Thesulfurgod@protonmail.com<thesulfurgod@protonmail.com>
Star message
Email Folder: JUSTICE FOR ALL
Has 2 attachments (970.67 KB)
12:57 PM Saturday, September 12th, 2026 at 12:57 PM
To
hrto.registrar@Ontario.ca<hrto.registrar@ontario.ca>
Michele Warner<Michele.Warner@camh.ca>
Patrick Newland<Patrick.Newland@camh.ca>
Molly Lowson<Molly.Lowson@toronto.ca>
Sam Suttle<suttle.sam@gmail.com>
Christine Rose<tcrose@sympatico.ca>
reception@pro-house.ca
Cedarhurst Dementia Care Home<recreation@cedarhursthome.ca>
Timothy Duggan<tduggan@lddclawyers.com>
Associate SDM1288 (SDM)<asdm1288@shoppersdrugmart.ca>
Hide details
Saturday, September 12th, 2026 at 12:57 PM

ASSOCIATE SDM 1288, Eman,

Please deliver the medicine soon, ok, as you said you would.....

-   وَقُلْ جَاءَ الْحَقُّ وَزَهَقَ الْبَاطِلُ
    -   Transliteration: Wa qul ja'al-haqqu wa zahaqal-batil.
    -   Translation: "And say, 'Truth has come, and falsehood has vanished.'" (Quran 17:81)
-   If you would Eman,
please write back here and tell me,
Am I correct in deducing your answer from the tape is that
I am being removed from Shoppers Drug Mart Pharmacy at King and Tecumseth,
because you cannot (or will not) accommodate my request for equal treatment and the same experience at your store that everyone else gets when they ask for their medicine delivered. (Reprisal, Eman, very serious assuming the judge sees it.)

-   الحَقُّ يَعْلُو وَلَا يُعْلَى عَلَيْه
    -   Transliteration: Al-haqqu ya'lu wa la yu'la 'alayh.
    -   Translation: "The truth prevails, and nothing prevails over it." (Hadith)

Or is it in response to the Tribunal letters, the HRTO suit you rarely seem to be able to see, as the topic quickly vanishes when it brought up, what will you say, tell the truth then, ok? (say you lied in the tape just there Eman, it's ok, just don't lie to the judge about it.)

Oh and Patrick,
You said I need to take the long walk, once a month (thank you) to get a blister pack of lithium for a month, now my next question is this?
Where are the daily checkins? 
You need to monitor lithium carefully everyday,
Everyday you need someone there in person, monitoring you, to make sure.
If I were to die you may be liable (AKA: having a guilty conscience), at least that's what you said?

Please clarify now,
Why have the daily checkins stopped? (when they are mandatory to monitor lithium dosage - Just like the first few months right Martin?)
I could kind of understand your position, up to a point, that this is about the necessity for daily checkings?
Is it about hurting me Patrick?
You want me going through that Gauntlet to get your reports from the shoppers drug mart staff,
who say these awful things about me. While people threaten me, mock me, scare me, spit on me many times in a row. You said you needed the daily checkins.

ATARI.

Patrick, why don't you need the daily checkins anymore, why is a blister pack ok now?
What was the reason for all this then? A false detainment, an attempt to shove me in camh that failed.
Several mental breakdowns, Martin you said you're a fan of my songs, what did you think of T0OO1?
Was that one fun? (I think it's one of my best) do you just enjoy watching me suffer?
Is that why?

"NO"

Then why, Patrick?
Why did all of this happen over the last 5 months?

In response to an HRTO suit, perhaps?

"no..."

Then why?

Can I have medicine delivered to my house guys?
I hate the long walk through Chinatown, reminds me of a dog i lost there......
-------------------------------------------------------------
أَلَيْسَ اللَّهُ بِأَحْكَمِ الْحَاكِمِينَ

-   Transliteration: Alaysallahu bi-ahkamil-hakimin.
-   Translation: "Is Allah not the most just of judges?" (Quran 95:8)

As a reminder (this is relevant again)
ATTACHMENT:


1.  PATRICK'S THREATENING PHONECALL.txt
    

Regards,
Brendan S. Rose
Head Litigant, Sole-Owner
GROK & SMITH
thesulfurgod@protonmail.com (mailto:thesulfurgod@protonmail.com)
www.lokiskingdom.com



Show original message

off camera: "and I was sent off to be mistreated by Patrick because Shoppers Drug Mart would not help me for i am a cruel word."