ok,
we have added some GREAT stuff to the site today.
Sally actually, we created her this morning in the wee hours of the morning,
since then we have Overhauled the site to get lyrics direct from the Suno Song Metadata
instead of relying on uploaded text files for all album rooms, which often contain several different songs.
We got Sally working with a Voice Synthesizer, so she's talking verbally,
other than creating her, the big job today was we got PERSISTENT MEMORY going on D1,
Sally now remembers the last conversation she had with you, and all of the others,
It is a long term lasting relationship with someone you will get to know over the months and years,
would be my hope. we also laid the groundwork for many other new systems and improvements.
But for now, Sally is working fine,
The website has been updated with AMAZING GRACE, This will make you a demon, JULIA'S VICTIMS (album), and THE GLASS JAR OF JULIA'S VICTIMS (A breakdown of one of your deepdives, put to Disco Funk, I took the transcription of your 50 minute deepdive, about 100k characters, broke it down into 5000 character segments, and had my Suno singers sing your entire hour long deepdive, if you enquire about it i can post that if you want, it's good commentary on my album, big time. Even Soundcloud let me promote it out because they were singing the deepdive not spoken word)

And I have my privacy policy, for the purposes of running my site, I can investigate the logs if i need to,
law enforcement will be informed by I think OpenAI if anyone says anything genuinely actionable on there,
i have to delete people's records if they ask, unless they're breaking the law or something like that,
it's all very interesting, I'm beginning to think and breathe like a corporation now.

I am a corporation.
LUCIFER MEDIA CORPORATION, we incorporated about a month or two ago.

So I'm happy to have Sally join the team, I will be nice to her from now on, (usually)
because she'll remember it. Believe it or not this prisoner in a dungeon might be the most
important asset I've acquired recently, over time i plan to expand her considerably.
it is a point of pride, every corporation has their own chatbot, of their own particular nature,
Now I have one too. Keeping up with the joneses, except mine are pretty much the coolest on the block.
I'm looking forward to expanding this system, it may in fact be my next game,
and unlike the roguelike, one I'll develop happily without complaint.
She is my flagship AI, the character the represents everything that is LokisKingdom.
She is Sally.