LONG LIVE THE NEW FLESH
by Brendan S. Rose

So I'm just waiting here for you. I'm Just waiting, waiting for you. 
I'm just waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting for you


Looks like you're not comin', this one'll do. 


Hello, Nancy. I'm waiting for you, you, you. I'm waiting for you. I'm waiting for you. I'm just waiting for you to notice. I'm just waiting for you to notice, Nancy. I'm just here waiting for you. 


I'm just waiting for you to notice. Waiting for you to notice. You've been served notice, you're screwed. Who is this naked man? Who is this naked man? Why does he have a hammer? Who is this naked man? Who is this naked man? Who is this naked man? and Why does he have a hammer? Why does he have a hammer? 


Who is this naked man? And why does he have a hammer? Who is this naked man? And why does he have a hammer? I'm just waiting for you to notice. Just waiting for you to notice. I'm just waiting for you to notice the bird cage! I'm just waiting for you to notice the bird cage!


I'm just waiting for you to notice Nancy today! I'm just waiting for you to notice the bird cage. I'm just waiting for you to notice the bird cage. 


Nancy, Nancy, Nancy, all day. I'm just waiting for you to notice the bird cage. I'm just waiting for you to notice the bird cage. 


Anderson, why don't you report? You reported on stupid before. Why don't you retort? Hey, Anderson. Why don't you report? Why don't you report? Why don't you report? Hey, Nancy, I'm just waiting for you. 


I'm waiting for you to notice the bird cage. Nancy Nancy, I'm just waiting for you. I'm waiting for you to notice the bird cage. I'm waiting for you to notice the bird cage. I'm just waiting for you to notice the bird cage. 


Who is this naked man? Why does he have a hammer? Where did he go? Oh, oh, where did he go? Where did he go? That day, why is he naked today? Why is he naked today? Why does he have a hammer? He's just waiting for you to come home. 


Waiting for you Nancy. Waiting for you to Nancy, to come home and get the joke. Waiting for you to notice the bird cage. He's just waiting for you to notice the bird cage. He's waiting for you to notice the birdcage. 


He's just waiting for you to notice the bird cage, Nancy. He's just waiting for you. He's just waiting for you. He's waiting for you. He's waiting for you. Oh well, fuck it. This one will do. He's just waiting for you. He's just waiting for you. 


DEATH TO VIDEODROME LONG LIVE THE NEW FLESH!!!!!!!!!