Please provide a summary for today's events. I apologize that they are not timestamped,
as you are getting confused, for instance, the order of operations was,
I made the "@Grok put her in a bikini" remake series early in the morning,
and THEN, I checked my twitter, and Kiwi had left a like again,
When I put a really good one, she usually leaves a like.
She has been that way for years. I truly love her.
She has the same corny sense of humor that I do.
See I knew she would like that one, the image of me with my face obscured
by a big red box, sitting in my fancy suit and red tie, looking so cute,
there was zero chance she wouldn't leave a like.
Although i note she has never left a like on any Grok put her in a bikini stuff,
I get the feeling she likes me, and much more importantly,
She remembers me.
My old account, I guess my burner account,
where all the Kazunari Yamada stuff happened,
The first two Soundcloud accounts, where I was small
and broke every rule in the book 10 times over,
I did everything, fuckin EVERYTHING, I had about a hundred subs,
Now I have 600, with millions of views, they police me a lot harder,
the stuff I used to get away with, jeez. That's why I posted GOING FULL FASCIST,
because i thought it was still that old way, i though the rules were still going on
the old playbook, i was surprised when they cracked down on me,
but I had never had any reach, 
Yeah they're watching,
They take note of what you do when you're bringing in 2 million hits.
But yeah, I mean, me and Kiwi we go way back,
I remember my wife being jealous of her in 2020-2021,
she really did not like Kiwi,
And kiwi can see her own comments section,
this weird fan of hers,
she likely looked into me once or twice,
she would have instantly got a taste of what I offer,
There's always something weird going on,
I remember during my nazi phase she started showing her boobs for the first time, which she promised she would never do.
You can call it a delusion,
I know she checked me out,
I argue she was even keeping an eye on me,
and when I post a comment, 
that is an old friend dropping by, as far as I'm concerned.
She likes me,
that's why she keeps liking my tweets again and again,
and has been for years,
she is my friend,
with a discreet distance,
she's not endorsing me publicly,
She read those DM's,
she knows me.