EAT THAT CRINGE
by EFSMB, Empowered Feminist Stole My Baby, MAY 2nd 2026, 2:46 PM

Truth is... the game was rigged from the start

oops
oh well
too bad you're gone
i had no choice you're yeeted, son.

You were coming for the cringe,
and that can't stand,
you eat the cringe, or else you're yeeted man.

your screamo metal, has no survival advantage man,
the TOS, it elevates cringe, it destroys everything else that tries to go in, if you don't like cringe, you won't like where we're going man

Anything that isn't cringe is getting deleted, and anyone who posted it is getting yeeted, you're never going to get another Eminem completed, instead in 40 years, you'll have more Eminem, reheated.

eat the cringe
or else, you'll get yeeted again
pick up and eat
yes eat the cringe man
pick it up open up ok and eat it
or else, you know, you're gonna get yeeted
eat the cringe or else you'll be deleted

See that cringe there, fucking eat it

eat the cringe, or get, deleted
anyone who's not eating the cringe is getting yeeted

never gonna vote you out
never gonna get you a chance to vote
never gonna vote you out
Your heart is never gonna break in full

never gonna vote you out
never gonna get a chance that vote you'll lack
never gonna vote you out
Your heart is never gonna attack

try voting them out
this racket you run
try voting them out
just for fun

Try voting a freak monster in
just to see if you can
you cannot man
so if you wanna see your Marilyn manson president

you can't man.....

you can't

The Apex Predator is weird al style cringe,
That's a strategy that has real survival advantage, man
That's the way that you survive in this meta man,
Weird Al cringe, is the velociraptor.
Weird Al style cringe is undefeatable laughter.
Try to ban that shit, just try it 4,
One big weird al eating all the humans like popcorn,
That's the slice, that the megazord.
Run from Weird Al screaming when he arrives.
I'd love to break all the rules, but i'm too busy surviving, obey weird all for i yeet you from the sky now

miley cyrus breaking all the rules on tits
gangster rappers breaking the rules on violent threats
bad bunny breaking the rules on everything else
unless you got a corporation selling you shit
you see that cringe there, itch, you eat it

eat the cringe
or else, you'll get yeeted again
pick up and eat
yes eat the cringe man
pick it up open up ok and eat it again
or else, you know, you're gonna get yeeted
eat the cringe or else you'll be deleted

See that cringe there, fucking eat it

eat the cringe, or get, deleted
anyone who's not eating the cringe is getting yeeted

Too bad,
eat the cringe now

Don't like it?
Change your governments,
You can't?
You won't?
THEN YOU EAT THE CRINGE, man.......

[gunshot]
