hello
you might be familiar with me, as you know me, pretty much,
I am EFSMB.
Recently Soundcloud and I had a issue, i accidentally posted stuff that was illegal under NetzDG, hate propaganda section, for a satire of fascism i made in 2018, or at least told people it was. I was an angry man, life had not gone well for a very long time. I assured my friends it was a satire.
Soundcloud was forced to respond, or get a 50 million euro fine (woah definitely don't cheese that)
And my song was taken down. With a reference to their TOS, which was fair.
I ripped down the songs and deleted them, then I removed about 200 of my treasured old stuff from pre 2025,
3 or 4 big eras of music for me, I privated another 1200, leaving me with about 3600 public songs, it's about 4000-4600 right now. I like the volume but the art is in the vocals lyrics and music quality
I should do "pimp slap" an unfortunately named title, i remind myself as i write this.....
i have the music stems with the vocals removed, i can sing that genius anytime.......
It's good music, and powerful terrifying lyrics, or at least, it was before.....

I'm sending you two songs.

AND WITH THAT THE DEMON DEPARTED.mp3
and
THE SONG OF SAYA (33).mp3
And a lyrics sheet or partial lyrics sheet for both.

Can you tell me if I'm crazy here?
Out of these two songs, which one do you like best?
Is one of them verifiably better than the other, strictly better?
Or are they closer to on par.
One is sung by me,
the other sung my lyrics by an AI, Suno bot.....
To me there's one of these two that just stands out above the other.

THE DEMON DEPARTED is terrifying and powerful and overproduced,
in a good way. It has all the transgressive elements,
the stuff that makes a song sound good to me.

To me that is the better song, by far. No comparison, night and day.

But then I go to the Song of Saya (33) a song i made to follow Soundcloud tos
and not really for any other purpose. It was just a fun song,
to fill time, get clicks, follow tos, and not say anything that would get me banned.
But then I check my notifications, and this thing exploded,
I felt like a failure yesterday because i only did one set for Soundcloud,
Just made this in the morning and vegged out doing other stuff.
It got 42 thousand views in the last 24 hours, just that one set, huge for a single set.
I realize I've been doing it wrong, I HAVE been using volume as a weapon,
But I don't technically need to, one really well written interesting song is all i need for huge numbers to roll in
It actually is judged on quality, not volume alone.

I listened to that song again, and it's maybe not my favorite style, more like doesn't have a bunch of transgressive crap in it that i see as markers of a good song, like, people like this thing,
so am i, WRONG?

Is this a good song?

In my mind it's like, 
I got, THE DEMON DEPARTED
is a great song for the ages

SONG OF SAYA is just some junk i made
to follow the tos.

Am I wrong?

That's actually how I see it?

Nobody agrees,

THE DEMON DEPARTED will get 3 hits on youtube, LITERALLY 3 HITS.
SONG OF SAYA WILL PROBABLY GROW BY THOUSANDS OF THE NEXT FEW WEEKS

Is it possible the way I'm wired just makes me see things wrong,
and i think those shock elements are needed and they're totally not,
maybe even hurting me.

Explain. . . . . .