LETTER TO THE SUPREME COURT OF AMERICA
by EFSMB, Empowered Feminist Stole My Baby, 9:10 PM, MAY 18th 2026

[Intro]
[low sine wave drone, rhythmic digital pulse]

[Verse 1]
[spoken male vocals]

This is too good. I need the audio source for this. Don't worry, I won't share the song. Brendan, your name. Contact us, Public Information Office, SupremeCourt.gov of America. Your name, Brendan Rose. Your email address, thesulfurgod@protonmail.com. Subject: Re: Alternative to slave wages under a cartel for AI music. 

Hello, Supreme Court of America. I had previously messaged you with an email characterizing the imposition of zero wages on all AI artists for eternity, or at least indefinitely, as slave wages and indistinguishable from slavery. And made the suggestion that perhaps all retail workers, construction workers, food service workers, and office workers and human artists should also have a wage of zero pay imposed on them so that we attain equality again, rather than singling out AI artists for this ... gift....

I must explain one element as it is important to clarify or you may get the wrong impression. I am not suggesting we force these employees to work for zero, without pay, by force, making them into effective slaves. Instead, I feel what was done to me makes more sense. They should receive a wage of zero, indeed. However, I do not believe they should be forcibly compelled to work. Rather, I feel the wage of zero should be imposed to demoralize them and disincentivize them from working in order to encourage them to give up their jobs and quit. I do not feel violence is appropriate in order to do this, so it is not chattel slavery as I suggested, rather it is simply the wage of zero applied in order to fill them with misery, destroy their families, and make them homeless until in despair they give up their jobs as they are pointless without pay, as SoundCloud and you have done to me.

I'm not being offensive, sir. 

Where is the flaw in my reasoning?

You have imposed a brutal imposition on me. 

This destroys my family. 

If I wasn't disabled, requiring AI in order to do my job as we were promised AI would assist in. The result of these wages would be my death. Should I not quit music (which I have done) and give up to find a job? (No.) Instead, my disability allows some degree of baseline survival. Are you sure robbing disabled schizophrenics for using AI assistance they need due to their disability is appropriate, moral, and are you certain this bears absolutely no resemblance to slavery? The imposition of violence is the only difference. The wage is identical. You have imposed a slave wage on me. My family is in ruins. I used to genuinely respect you. Now you remind me more of the Confederacy than the Founding Fathers. 

You are incapable of it. 

Feel shame,
-Brendan S. Rose, 
E F S M B, Empowered Feminist Stole My Baby, on SoundCloud
AKA: Loki. 

Drop mic.

[Outro]
[digital pulse continues, mouse clicking sounds]
Reload. Verify your email with this link. Your email has been verified and your message has been sent. Thank you. (Heh heh). Oops, I lost the text now. How will I ever get it back?
[sine drone fades out]